Great acting and development in the multi-linear plot movie. Very heavy movie however, that may be out of some people's "reach" as to understanding and appreciation. Strisand and Nolte were both brilliant 
one of the best movies I've seen in ages!!! Most movies put me to sleep, I stayed awake the entire time. action, suspense, great flick! 
The kit was not worth its price. The spatial effect is poor. I've been watching some much better 3d movies with much cheaper red-blue paper glasses. No, I don't have visual problem, and I rigged up everything correctly. The DVDs itself were not interesting. My kids were not impressed much. It were not made me happier with the pack. Sorry this review seems against the others, but it is my truth. I've stored it back into the box. I don't recommend this for you 
I've been doing Pilates for several months along w/ my daily Yoga practice and it's been an incredible and effective addition to my program! At this point I have collected about 17 Pilates programs (along w/ my 90 Yoga programs) and there are certain teachers that have shone above the rest. For me Moira Stott is one of those special teachers that has a way of communicating so clearly and putting together such sound practices that I always look forward to spending time with her programs. I had purchased the four DVD pack w/ "Basics", "Fit and Firm", "Secret to Flat Abs" and "Sculpt and tone", and just this morning did "Fit and Firm" for the first time. For someone brand new to Pilates I HIGHLY recommend the "Basics" DVD, it's the single best beginners DVD/VHS I've worked with since starting Pilates. As always Moira starts with detailed explanations and warm ups and with the help of a student who demonstrates beautifully, leads you through a wonderful, well paced pilates practice. This practice basically follows the intermediate Pilates series with some additional advanced poses added in as well. It's about 45 minutes long but flows so beautifully that the time really flies by. Some people find Moria Stott to be dry or boring, but I find her to be a pleasure to practice with. Perhaps because I'm from a Yoga background (daily for the past nine years) I'm used to teachers who are less "rah rah" (I also don't like blaring music when I'm practicing Yoga or Pilates)so Moira's approach fits me well. If you like teachers who have a more hyper "in your face" personality then this may not be a good fit for you. But if you want a teacher who knows her stuff and who will guide you in a way that is sound and effective then Moira Stott is someone you will truly appreciate on so many levels. Other teachers whose teaching style I really enjoy are Hilary Burnett (her Intermediate program is incredible) and Jennifer Kries. I also like Ana Caban and Michelle Dozois for variety in my practice. Highly recommended! 
This show is my all time favorite, however Universal has gone and dicked it up by leaving out various sound effects and a teaser, and a wrong Season Premier Intro! DVD is meant to bring out the best in media, not the worst, how could they lose sound effects? Unbelievable! Just doesn't seem possible... SEASON 4 is no better... UNIVERSAL PLEASE READ THIS AND RE-RELEASE SEASON 3 AND 4 ALREADY, THE FANS ARE EXTREMELY PISSED OFF! 
This movie is a disappointment considering it was made at a time when so many of the survivors were still alive and recently freed from Russian captivity. The film covers the experiences of a veteran German officer assigned as an advisor to a Rumanian Army Corps on the eve of the Stalingrad encirclement. The film does not go into any kind of depth either in terms of character development or story line to explain the importance and tragedy of Stalingrad. One must think that it even disappointed it's original German viewers of the 1950's who probably desired some kind of explanation for the disaster of Stalingrad and the Nazi era. As an anti-war film this film is a failure; as a shoot 'em up action war film it is droll. All in all this is less satisfying than a made for TV movie of the same period. 
Ellen, the young boy's stepmother, gets involved in this frightening story quite by accident in the shower. It is necessary to actually tear apart the shower door to attempt to save her. The "Pulse" is in the TV, the electricity, the hot water... everywhere. Naturally nobody believes them when they try to explain what it is. I have watched this video several times and I'm still not sure myself. A real thriller: Get it while you can. Exclusively at AMAZON.COM 
This DVD is quite expensive but yields little to justify the cost. The film lacks any real drama and becomes terribly boring after the first ten or so minutes. The acting is hopeless...really, really bad! Although there are many "soldiers" involved in the battle scenes, it's all pretty unconvincing, considering the carnage of the real conflict. In all honesty, as much as I enjoy movies of the Civil War, I'd like to return this for a refund. Alas, that's a prospect that has,indeed, gone with the wind. Thumbs down to this one 
I was reluctant to watch "Almost Famous" because I figured it would be chock full of hype...but for some reason I decided to finally sit down and watch this story...and I'm glad I did. I thought this was a very well told story about the excesses of rock and roll music, music journalism, fandom and groupies. Most movies on this topic tend to be overly cynical or over romanticized, and I appreciated that it was done from such an honest perspective. I especially appreciated the line spoken by one of the old-timer band-aides while she was looking at the new girls so scornfully... "They don't even know what it is to be a fan. You know, to truly love some silly little piece of music, or some band, so much that it hurts..." Although I am not, and never have been a groupie by any stretch of the imagination I am an avid rock/pop music aficionado, I thought that line in the movie captured the spirit and sentiment of die-hard fandom perfectly... I liked the way Cameron Crowe humanized the groupies...sure some groupies and regular fans are definitely delusional, but many of them do have goals apart from sleeping with rock stars...and they do have feelings, just like anyone else...and I thought he demonstrated that well when developing the characer of "Penny Lane." I can remember when back in the 70s, groupies were "little celebrities" themselves...so sersonally, I don't think that people should label them as tramps or judge them too harshly...besides, who knows...maybe someone you know or may be related to may have a "sweet little secret" they've been keeping along these years? It was the 70s after all...some of those rockers got around...and some apparently ordinary girls did too...fact: some of those gals just did what many of us wished we could do...and they were for the most part honest about it... At any rate, the music used in the movie is just awesome! It sure was fun to hear "Go All The Way" by the Raspberries as well as "Tiny Dancer" by Elton John. How could you not sing along to that 70s classic? Now that I've been reading the reviews about the "bootleg" director's cut, I'm going to have to watch that one, too. 
We all make mistakes in relationships, things we wish we could relive, do over. This movie investigates the dynamics of one love relationship. We go through two sceneros. The first gives one the chance to live over a stituation, correcting all the mistakes he thinks he has made. This movie will keep you guessing. You'll experience the true deep feelings of love one couple have for one another. These feelings end in the ultimate sacrifice for love. The soundtrack is excellent. I only wish we could buy it. Hewitt really is an underrated music artist. Her vocals shine and give depth to the movie. This is a five star movie, more than a TV movie, Watch it some rainy Sunday afternoon, it will make you believe in love again. 
I have been an Adult Swim viewer since Space Ghost CTC's early days. The Venture Brothers is probably my favorite of them all (The Brak Show was a riot also). I am in my 40's and so I can relate to all the jokes on the stuff I grew up on (Marvel, DC, Johnny Quest, Scooby Doo, etc). The formula started with SGCTC taking mundane kids 60's-70's shows and tossing them in adult situations filled with lots of sexual references (many homosexual), uber violence for violence's sake, profanity (beeped out but you know what they are saying), well you get my drift (think excrement jokes). It's Ted Turner in his old coot liberal ways taking everything that was semi American of good vs. bad in cartoons, and screwing it all to hell. But despite the same formula over and over (SGCTC, Harvey Birdman AAL, The Brak Show, Robot Chicken, Aqua Team Hunger Force, Sealab 2021, and probably some others I missed), I still watch and laugh, with The Venture Brothers being the best of them all. One thing that I really laugh about is that the teens and gen X'ers watching have little or no reference for where these jokes are coming from, they are just laughing at the situations and don't get the parody. I tried to tell a co-worker (whose 25 years old) about a Robot Chicken bit about Hogan's Heroes and he never heard of that show! I'm glad The Venture Brothers has got a strong audience, so thanks you young ignorant types for watching! I'm in baby boomer delight! 
This DVD is a must have for anyone interested in beginning Kundalini yoga. The moves flow into each other easily and you can go at your own pace. This DVD has everything: meditation, relaxation, mantras, stretching, wonderful music, beautifully narrated and professionally presented. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! 
Surprisingly sleaze and Chauvinism by female Director Heckerling! She duplicated it in Chevy Chase vehicle National Lampoon's European Vacation too! Many child actors got their start here, but the thing that cracked me up, as I saw it when it came out (unfortu- nately) was the dialog of my fav band, Cheap Trick: Ticket scalper "...The magntism of Robin Zander and the charisma of Rick Nielsen...and what about the tunes, 'I Want You To Want Me, The Dream Police...nan-nan-nah, 'You're momma's alright, your daddy's alright, they just seem a little weird, Surrender, surrender...", before he's interrupted. If that isn't somebody's idea of 'Surrender', they've stumbled onto this review by mistake 
The movie "Dead Life" by director William Victor Shotten is a throwback to the great movies of old such as Night of the Living Dead--or at least it tries to be--unfortunately it's a stupid attempt and being original through looking old, which in itself is an irony. Looking at its writing, there's absolutely nothing to commend this movie on. Though this movie at least tries to give you an explanation as to the existence of zombies, it's as thought-out as a cat's decision to chase a shiny object. The common mistake made with Romero's films is that the story wasn't well thought out, since they never really explain the zombies (except a bit in the original about a meteor); however, what people don't realize is it doesn't matter why. Romero's films are satirical in nature, they focus on a larger picture and disregard details, that's what makes them so great--that's what makes them films. Dead Life makes some attempt and showing depth with its underlying theme, except it's stupid and unoriginal, and really not shocking or thought-provoking in the slightest. This movie is not shocking, it's not realistic, even the "gore scene" everyone is referring to is only a stupid attempt at being shocking and over-the-edge; but it comes off as just being tasteless. People are giving this movie credit for having no money, but really, people have done better with less. The acting is ridiculous, the sound is poorly dubbed, the camera is always out of focus, and the special effects are lame. It is a tasteless zombie romp with no point whatsoever, it doesn't deserve credit for having a low budget, it makes no effort to make people think and makes no effort to be good, period. Night of the Living Dead was a low-budget film, this is not even close to reaching that level. Oh, and it actually takes sound effects straight from the first Resident Evil game and dubs them in. Seriously 
Quite a bit of what I see on the few TV channels I let my kids watch depicts either *borderline* behavior or is so vacuous I cannot stand it. This series has a plot, good writing and good production values. It has the added benefit that I can also stand to watch it. I am hoping the second season maintains the quality of the first 
I don't own this series, but I watch it on PBS. It's great. They cover a limited number of words per episode, and I'm grateful; it can get a little overwhelming. My 2 1/2 year old daughter only does a few signs, but she's able to decipher anything I sign to her. I know "Mama", "Hungry", "Want," "Cookie"... For now that will have to do for "Mama is hungry, she wants a cookie." You'll catch other words from the songs. Go to the Signing Time website. They have sample videos, and lyrics, you'll get the idea. A little at a time is good enough for me. Expert proficiency is not my expectation here. Five Stars 
I was given the "Special Fan Remix" edition of this film last Christmas, and I must say, the so-called bonus features only detract from the wonderful original. So stick with the original 
You GO, DIVA!! I missed these videos, soooo COOL!! Deeper Than The Night, I think my favorite Olivia song of all-time... so young, so beautiful!! And even hotter now... check-out Video Gold 2 - just as incredible... ROCK ON, Olivia! 
Not dissin the USA tour, but i loved the Europe Tour DVD better, after i saw this one. This DVD was a nice Eminem introduction to seeing his concert behind the scenes for me. I can relate to his music madness and Anger issues, it did give me fan comfort while i did homework lessons and Detroit love. I passed it along for other college woman to view~LMAO I hope i get it back~LMAO Amazon.com is so amazing, i can just order another one. Chinastar 
I saw this on PBS' Great Performances. This documentary is about film genius Akira Kurosawa. The documentary charts Akira Kurosawa's early life in pre-WWII Japan to the end of his life. Kurosawa brought Japanese cinema to a world wide audience. I recommend this DVD for anyone who is a Akira Kurosawa fan. Plus the DVD has 100 minutes of bonus interview footage not seen on the PBS program and Kurosawa filmography 
Editorial Reviews Amazon.com essential video After initially rejecting the role as too sentimental, Ginger Rogers found the title character of Kitty Foyle to be an Oscar winner and a career breakthrough. Released in 1940, only a year after her nine-picture partnership with Fred Astaire ended, Kitty Foyle helped establish Rogers as a nonmusical box-office star. The film portrays a white-collar working girl who receives a warm and welcome marriage proposal from Mark (James Craig), a kindly but humble doctor. As soon as she accepts, however, she receives a different proposition, this one from her former love, wealthy socialite Wyn (Dennis Morgan), who plans to flee his life and his wife and asks Kitty to join him and live in unwedded bliss in South America. Kitty then recounts her life in flashback to help her choose which man to love. Rogers gives an appealing performance as the feisty yet vulnerable Kitty, who makes up in moxie what she lacks in social status. Did she really deserve the Best Actress Oscar over Bette Davis in The Letter, Joan Fontaine in Rebecca, Katharine Hepburn in The Philadelphia Story, and Martha Scott in Our Town? Well, evidently Rogers had real-life moxie too. --David Horiuchi Product Description Known for light comedies and her partnership with Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers stepped off the dance floor and into 1940's Oscar spotlight with her Best Actress turn as Kitty, an indomitable working-class girl who endures the rejection of Philadelphia society, makes her own way as a single woman and ultimately chooses between an unmarried arrangement with Main Line scion Wynnewood Strafford VI (Dennis Morgan) or marriage to a struggling physician (James Craig). Rogers' deserved Academy Award confirmed she was more than a dance star - a fact humorously underscored when she returned to the studio and was greeted by staffers and actors in top hats and tails. Jane Wyman won the Best Actress Academy Award for her sensitive portrayal of Belinda, capturing the girl's affecting isolation, awakening desire to learn and ultimate triumph. Directed by Jean Negulesco and co-starring Lew Ayres, Charles Bickford and Agnes Moorehead (all four Oscar nominees* for their fine work), Johnny Belinda (nominated for a total 11 Oscars including Best Picture) blends atmosphere, nuance and high drama into a heartbreaking classi 
I was disappointed after the first 30 minutes and realized this was a bad knock off between "The Gospel" and "The Fighting Temptations". I would not recommend purchasing. You are better off renting 
Liam Neeson was wonderful to watch - a tragic love story with great winter scenery and lots of cold breath shots. However, Patricia Arquette was too teenage giggly - not a terrific actress in this film, at least. Still, a great role for Neeson 
This film is a tough one to review. The film itself is amazing. So therefore, I should give it high marks. The problem is that what most people seem to be getting from this is that all environmentalists are wackos, and there is no way we can cohabitate with nature (as if we came from outer space or something). That is a bad and dangerous message, and so I feel it is appropriate here to give this 1 star based upon that. Amazing footage, but ultimately does nothing but further the sensationalism required to seek and destroy more animals and natural habitats. How many grizzlies are hunted down and killed every year vs. how many humans are killed by grizzlies every year? Then take into account the fish we killed off because of dams, pollution, and over fishing that destroy the bears food source. How many grizzlies kill humans vs. how many cars kill humans? Shouldn't we all be more scared of cars? I agree with the other reviewers that have said that this guy is cracked and self-serving. We can co-exist with nature, but not in the way this nutjob tries to do it. Native Americans (whom we also destroyed) co-existed with them for thousands of years. They respected the grizzly. This guy no more respects the grizzly than does the cancerous civilization he condemns. Treadwell was very conflicted and troubled. Not that we aren't all troubled, not that we all don't deal with failure and disappointment, not that a good rant doesn't make you feel better from time to time, but he had a death wish, and this was really just suicide by bear the way I saw it. Am I the only one that noticed he seemed very at odds with his sexuality? Lastly, in some of the interviews, well, they were just weird and contrived, like they were acting. These weird people in this film do nothing but harm the cause 
Love this DVD SO much! The actors are super, and the story is hilarious! If you liked the first one, GET this one 
i never thought yoga could be so easy and beneficial. 
Robert Groden suggests that the Zapruder film of the Kennedy Assassination has been tampered with to cover up the real killers of Kennedy. In my opinion, his "evidence" is shaky at best. Groden has made a lucrative living off of proposing alternative theories of who "really" shot Kennedy, and here he is in 2003 suggesting that there was a conspiracy to kill Kennedy despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary presented by ABC, CBS, and many books. Groden needs to finally realize that the Kennedy assassination has been solved definitively, and his continuation of conspiracy theories is clearly his lame and pathetic attempt to keep his money cash-cow alive. Don't draw a conclusion based on this DVD! Look at other sources listed below and then draw your conclusion: 1. ABC's Peter Jennings presentation of the Kennedy Assassination (available on Amazon.com) clearly shows that Oswald was the one and only killer of JFK. 2. CBS's Dan Rather's special program on the Kennedy Assassination (available on CBS website) also suggests that the preponderence of the evidence points to Oswald as the lone killer. 3. The book "Case Closed", by Gerald Posner. He uses the physical evidence collected in Dallas, logic, and his ability to see through the fallicies of the conspiracies to show that Lee Oswald is the lone assassin. 4. The book "Marina and Lee", by Priscilla Johnson McMillian. This book shows that Oswald was certainly capable of the assassination, and the circumstances of his life point to the conclusion that he killed Kennedy. My advice is to watch this DVD first, and then look at the sources I list above, and then make an intelligent conclusion. If you are like me, you will see that Groden really has nothing solid to stand on. Jim "KOnedog" Konedog, Kennedy Assassination Stuudent 
Others have already described the movie; so I shall not repeat what has already said. Dumont makes a movie, somewhat reminiscent of the late 60s early 70s "road" movies, in which a couple, gets in a car and drives off, to nowhere in particular. I hated those movies, but at least, in those movies the emotions the characters exhibited had some kind of rationale to it. Here the emotions are totally disconnected from reality, have nothing to do with what is going on in the screen, and seem only to be there to move the plot, if there is one, along. Katia, the girl, who seems quite psycotic if you ask me, keeps getting angry for no reason whatsoever; for instance, she entices pair of dogs to follow their moving car, then gets p#$sed at her boyfriend, when he hits one of them. By the time the movie approaches its dismal end, I did not care anymore how the director was going to wrap it up. The DVD includes a "Director's note of intent" (always a bad sign) A mix of Felliniesque dialog, blended with Sun Tzu; not a good combination. At the end of the "note of intent" the director finishes with "Envisage this film only in relation to the means employed and so only work from instinct" Well, instinct will not get you a viewable movie; I don't think you could make a worse movie, if you were trying to achieve it. It is not the violence or sex, other movies have that but still have some redeeming values, photography, artistic creation. There is no redeeming value in this. Just a waste of the DVD plastic. 
I have no idea why I had never heard of this movie before because Ronin is a whale of a good film. I can take or leave most action films, but give me a taut, intelligent, suspenseful thriller filled with great action, wicked twists, and some of the best car-chasing footage you'll ever see, and I'm happy. Throw Jean Reno and the one and only Robert De Niro into the mix, as well, and I'm happier than any clam has a right to be. Director John Frankenheimer obviously knows that action alone doesn't make for a good action film, and he also knows that the only way to make a high speed chase scene look authentic is to film a real high speed chase scene. The title is derived from the term for masterless Samurai of feudal Japan - warriors who failed their master and were left to wander in the shame of their failure. In modern parlance (and in this movie), the term applies to special agents of various governments who find themselves quite on their own thanks to the end of the Cold War. These men still put their skills to good use by selling their services to those willing to pay them for handling sensitive, usually dirty, jobs. In this case, Sam (De Niro), Vincent (Reno), and three others are brought together in France by an Irish lass named Deirdre and charged with acquiring a metal case well-protected by its current carrier. It sounds easy - ambush the target and his security force, snatch the case, exchange it for cash, and move on. Naturally, the mission turns out to be extremely complicated, as a couple of powerful parties want whatever is in that case, and a certain individual proves less than trustworthy. What's the world coming to when you can't even trust a selfish, independent-minded, well-trained gun-for-hire? De Niro has to run over and shoot up half of France before everything gets resolved in this film. The only problem I had with this movie came in the form of the thick accents of some of the characters, especially the Irish ones - you may want to use closed captioning at times to really understand everything that is said. The actors themselves, though, were quite good, especially De Niro and Reno, who make a great team. As for the mix of bad guys, how about three - count 'em, three - former adversaries of James Bond (Michael Lonsdale, Sean Bean, and Jonathan Pryce)? Not only that, the script is worthy of all these fine actors. As I've mentioned already, though, the chase scenes are really the most memorable aspect of this film. Frankenheimer doesn't have any use for these fancy-schmancy new digital means for manufacturing this kind of action, instead treating the viewer to several good, old-fashioned thrill rides through the streets of Paris and its local environs. Besides filming an incredible number of scenes live, he also chose to forego the accompaniment of a musical score in these situations, letting the revving engines, squealing brakes, and numerous crashes and explosions present the action as authentically as possible. They had to have had an incredible number of stunt drivers and stunt men involved, as folks were constantly crashing or jumping out of the path of oncoming cars - not to mention the extended high speed chase down one-way streets into busy oncoming traffic. I'm telling you - these chase scenes are flat-out impressive. Obviously, I think Ronin has it all. Without De Niro, it still would have been a fantastic film; with him, it's a must-see in my book 
The "Back to the Future" trilogy was excellent. The item was in perfect condition and arrived quickly. My husband, who owns a DeLorean, was happy to get the whole story and we have enjoyed watching the old movies. 
This is too good to be true. After purchasing this based on reviews alone my partner and I sat down to watch it not knowing what was about to take place. For the next three hours, we were absolutely shocked and entertained. This has got to be one of the most original shows ever to be created. Its got it all; comedy, drama and twisted minds. I have to admit I've taken a few lessons from Jill and her methods do work. Seriously though it was just plain amazing and I hope series two will be out soon. It is not for the easily offended but for those there is always the Brady bunch; the lamest thing ever to grace television. For the rest of us, well...Nighty Night. Highly recommended 
There's a reason why they talk about the "Voice of an Angel" -- it's because Charlotte Church certainly doesn't have the acting presence of one. Her acting debut "I'll Be There" is proof enough -- only the presence of its star got this tepid little drama into theatres, where it rapidly dropped out of sight. Rightly so. Seventeen years ago, Paul Kerr (Craig Ferguson) of the Love Rats had a fling with a groupie at a concert. Fast forward to the present: Kerr discovers that unknown to him, his ex Rebecca (Jemma Redgrave) gave birth to a daughter, Olivia (Charlotte Church), who is now a well-adjusted paper girl. The problem is, Olivia has been kept a secret from her dad. Rebecca is embittered, but Kerr wants to get to know his daughter, and similarly Olivia wants to get to know her father. Music seems to be the thing that will bring the angel-voiced girl and the burned-out rocker together, but Rebecca doesn't want her child to follow in her father's footsteps. "I'll Be There" was hyped months in advance as being inspired by the life of actress Liv Tyler, who, despite being only in her twenties, has had an immensely interesting life. Well, maybe someday she WILL get a biopic, because "I'll Be There" is only similar in one way: It involves a rock star and his daughter. Otherwise, it is boring in about every way that Tyler's life is interesting. With a forgettable script, not much humor and a goofy premise, the movie doesn't have a lot going for it -- it reads like a disgruntled teenager's absurdist fantasy, scripted for Church to act out. And not a terribly interesting teenager, either. It gets increasingly ridiculous when Olivia decides to pursue music to bond with Daddy Dearest; it's an obvious ploy to show off Church's vocal skills. The best that can be said of Church's performance is that at times she looks sweet. As for acting talent, she is bland at best, but she does perform some good songs, and her voice is as pretty as ever. Just watch the songs and fast-forward her actual scenes. Redgrave does as good a job as she can, and Ferguson wrings some pathos from his performance as an aging rocker. His is the only memorable role in the film, and it's a shame that the movie didn't focus on him rather than the dull Miss Church. Miss Church appears to have chosen a role that glorifies her in the middle of an atrocious film -- also known as the Britney Spears approach. "I'll Be There," but I promise I'll get out as soon as I can 
Believe it or not, I actually wanted to watch this movie. I've seen almost everything else Adrian Lyne has done and respect his shallow talent enough to be interested in his early efforts. (I watched _Jacob's Ladder_ because I remembered an intriguing preview on a VHS cassette I watched as a kid and learning that it was a significant influence on _Silent Hill_ sealed the deal; My girlfriend owns a copy of Lyne's version of _Lolita_; _Fatal Attraction_ was a girlfriend induced rental; I watched the TV version of _Indecent Proposal_; I haven't seen _9 1/2 Weeks_ but I read the book.) Flashdance is also one of those pieces of pop culture that are so influential that you recognize references even if you've never seen it. And I always wanted to hear the song "Maniac" in its original context, so when I found it on an acquaintances shelf I popped it in. So, how was it? Not too bad. Not great by any means, or even really that good (_Lolita_ and _Jacob's Ladder_ are both quite good) but interesting enough to keep me awake after a long day of work. The plot is a by-the-book "believe in your dreams" story with really lame dialog, but its development is intercut with extended dancing sequences that are so long and frequent that at times it felt like I was watching an abstract silent film. I don't know squat about dancing, but the choreography seemed innovative, at least for its time. I can't even remember the names of the characters, but all in all, I have to admit that it was kind of neat. Also, if you watch it with the subsequent 20+ years of movies in mind, _Flashdance_ can be seen as sort of an omen of all bad things to come from Hollywood: It's a movie by a director whose only previous experience was in music videos and commercials, one whose screenplay was an early effort by hack Joe Esterhasz and was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer! Taken collectively these elements are probably responsible for about 60% of all crap movies made since 
There's a saying: "No one sets out to make a bad movie." BROTHERS GRIMM (Miramax) might prove otherwise. Near the beginning of his commentary, the usually brilliant Terry Gilliam actually says, "I didn't like the script, but I was out of work." Not a good sign but an honest admission from the former Python. Although wonderfully visualized, the Czech locations can't make-up for the muddled mess of a screenplay culled from perhaps the richest mother lode of raw story material available anywhere: The collected fairy tales of Wilhem and Jacob Grimm. In spite of stars Heath Ledger and Matt Damon as con artist exorcists who encounter real evil, a great poster and an OK trailer, audiences rightfully stayed away via quick word of mouth ("incomprehensible" "unwatchable"). Worthy extras of interest mainly to budding filmmakers are Gilliam's commentary and the featurette: "The Visual Magic of the Brothers Grimm. 
Don't waste your time. I usually give low budget horror a chance and I have an open mind, but this movie is utterly ridiculous. 
When I saw the movie, it was so predictable. Halfway into it, the broadcasts were so lame as well as the so-called live-footage. Total rip-off of "War of the Worlds." Reminded me of an NBC-TV movie from the early 80's called, "Special Bulletin." Much better with it's live-broadcasts! The only thing i liked about this movie, when I switched back to catch it's climax ending. They never even saw their ever-ending doom. Sure put's the military in it's place! 
"Annie Hall" is one of the most acclaimed romantic comedies of all time. The film not only holds a place on The American Film Institute's Top 100 (#31), as well as The American Film Institute's Top 100 Comedies (#4). The film took home 4 Academy Awards including Best Picture and Best Director; The film is also without a doubt one of the best romantic-comedies ever made. It really nails that awkwardness of romance. I think few of us are like the neurotic Woody Allen and I don't so much mean the way the characters act, but the way they think and stuff like that is totally realistic. Woody Allen plays Alvy Singer, a comeddian who always knocks it out of the park when it comes to comedy but can't really get a grip on love. He's been through two marriages and is a little bit neurotic, which turns people off. Then his friend Rob (Tony Roberts) introduces him to Annie Hall (the wonderful Diane Keaton). Annie is a little bit ditzy and not quite as smart as Alvy, but the two click and begin a relationship that (to say the least) has it's share of ups and downs. Now, not only is the plot and the dialogue and everything true-to-life but this film is also absolutely hilarious. When I see a movie on AFI's Top 100 Comedies, I tend to shy away from the films on that list. Not because they're not good, it's just that they don't really pick by what's the funniest film ever. Example, 'The 40 Year Old Virgin' was funnier than their number 1 pick Some Like It Hot. But anyway, Annie Hall actually is very funny. The dialogue is quick-witted, some the scenes have become classics (Allen sneezing on the cocaine). In an era where romantic comedies run rampant into movie theatres, it's nice to go back and see the films that really made the genre what it is. This is a great film, a great romantic-comedy, a Woody Allen masterpiece. GRADE: A 
Peter Segal's "Anger Management" is a film with nothing going for it. It is best described as boring, annoying, and devoid of laughs. Mild-mannered Dave Buznik (Adam Sandler) is sent to anger management counseling after an unfortunate misunderstanding. He immediately develops a problematic relationship with Buddy Rydell (Jack Nicholson), the self-help expert leading the sessions. As the two men spend more and more time together, Buznik starts to wonder if his counselor is the one who should be undergoing counseling. "Anger Management" just does not get as much mileage out of its premise as it would like. It is essentially a one-joke film that wears out its welcome very quickly. Sandler and Nicholson are saddled with a script that fails to produce even a snicker. Furthermore, the parade of cameos throughout the film add nothing to the story and just feel like a lame attempt to squeeze in as many recognizable faces as possible into the proceedings. Truth be told, "Anger Management" is one of those projects that was green-lighted because of the talent involved and not because of its quality. 
I saw this one in the theater after a friend of a friend convinced me to see it with him (he was seeing it for a second time.) After the first ten minutes, I wanted to leave. If you like formulaic and predictable movies that attempt to convince dumb American youth from small, hick towns that they actually have a future beyond their local Wal-Mart or becoming mince-meat in Iraq, then this movie is for you! However, if you like movies that actually challenge you to think, don't waste your time with this one 
I only give it 2 stars for the shower scene with the Twins. Really bad acting and plot that makes little sense. Trying to be like the original movie but falls way short. Its just bad acting with stupid and mean characters. Not worth it except for the brief shower scene. 
It wouldn't surprise me if this movie is shown in more high school civics classes than any other movie: it's rife for debate. Gary Cooper might stick his neck out once for this bunch of frightened citizens in the face of adversity, but when he throws his badge down onto the dusty street at the end, we know he'd never do it again. Sure he took an oath to uphold justice and does it because "I have to," and all that; but only a fool would think that a place like Hadleyville deserves protection. Can you imagine Clint Eastwood in Cooper's shoes? At least that would be one side of the argument after the movie was shown. Of course the other side of the debate would say it has nothing to do with Hadleyville and its cowardly citizens, but has everything to do with Cooper and his code of honor. Isn't this the same Gary Cooper who played Frederic Henry in A FAREWELL TO ARMS, based on Hemingway's novel, a writer who also dealt a lot with personal codes of honor and "courage under fire," a character who says in the novel that "abstract words such as glory, honor [and] courage were obscene"? How could he possibly look at himself in the mirror the next day, never mind looking his wife in the eye again, if he'd skadaddled? This existential hero had a choice to make, a life-defining one, and for him it meant only one thing. It's that kind of movie - meaty and meaningful. The real-time experiment is interesting in these days of TV shows like "24," and the McCarthy-era witch hunt comparisons are worth pondering, too. And let's not forget the music, either. But basically it comes down to Cooper reaching out and finding nobody there, and then doing what he has to do anyway. It's a timeless idea, and the movie is a classic 
I saw this movie a while back only because the family of the girl I was dating at the time was watching it and therefore was forced to sit down and watch it too. To this day,I pray I don't ever have to sit through 2 hours of crap that trashes the reputations of the average mexican-american again. As a mexican-american who has worked hard to take the right road in life,I was disturbed at the storyline of this wannabee classic. Do we really need to come out with a movie for all of America to see that shows a negative side of the mexican race? Prison sex? Babies drinking beer? Young kids doing a drive by? Mexicans killing innocent blacks and vice versa? Please!!!! Wake up mexicans-americans! We need some positivity!!!!! Edward James Olmos said he made this movie because he wanted to send a message. What message? That doing the things shown in this movie are bad? I think we knew that already! What surprises me alot is all the positive reviews on Amazon that this movie got. This of course means that no matter how much sense I have made,it is more than likely that no one will find my review helpful. P.S....Let us not forget that I am not the only one who thinks negative about this film. Several consultants involved in this film were murdered by individual(s) out there who found the movie offensive. Edward James Olmos himself was the center of threats following the release of this movie. Adios amigos!!! 
Jessica Simpson is a talentless bimbo. She is more concerned with shopping than she is with being a singer role model - a title that she so proudly proclaimed after bashing Brittany and Christina for showing too much skin. We all know now that the hypocritical Jessica Simpson would shed her clothes if the price were right. She is NOT a role model and her songs/tv specials are lower than below average 
Personally, I really enjoyed Premonition. It's got solid acting, a fascinating (and often heart-wrenching) story, and some decent scares. However, don't expect an all out fright fest or you'll be sorely disappointed. This is a story-driven film, with a plot that progresses fairly slowly. Patience is necessary when viewing Premonition, as is a willingness to accept ambiguity and dream-like logic in a film. But for those of you who possess those qualities, and are looking for something a little different (particularly if you're a fan of the genre), Premonition might be for you 
This is an excellent movie if you like war flicks. It made me angry being from the Vietnam generation also. It shows how pointless war is and what a waste of good men. The acting from all the cast was top class. I highly recommend this movie. It may be slow at first, but the action later is amazing 
This is one of the best photography documentary I have ever seen. I love photojournalism and this is as good as it gets. I love the story narration that this DVD succeeds in. James Nachtwey is the greatest ever to have photographed all the atrocities up close and personal. You can feel the pain, agony and raw human emotion in his photographs. He is right in the middle of shooting with mostly a wide angle just a few feet away from danger. It needs guts and commitment to do a job which has constant fear of getting killed. I salute you.....James Nachtwey You inspire me. - Uday 
I became interested in this movie after reading the book "Ishmael" by Daniel Quinn and learning from a friend that this movie was based on the book. It was a very good movie and Anthony Hopkins is wonderfully persuasive but all the suggestion from "Ishmael" there seems to be is just that living in nature is better than living in civilization. There was nothing that indicated the precariousness of civilization - "takers" are mentioned but it comes across more as you just don't know what you are missing by being one - not that all of nature has had it. Heck, the movie makers would be shooting their own business in the foot if they were really to try and convince us to head back to the trees. But of course that was the main point of "Ishmael". If we don't give up being takers and go back to being part of nature, then nature has had it and so have we 
I've been a Christie fan since childhood and loved the early movies in spite of Rutherford's handling of the character. I loved Joan Hickson's portrayal of Miss Marple and never thought anyone else could "be" Miss Marple for me. Therefore I expected to be disappointed with these new releases. I AM NOT DISAPPOINTED, I LOVE THIS NEW VERSION! After I cautiously viewed the first episode I came to fully appreciate Geraldine McEwan in the role. She is subtle, confident and highly adroit and I find her refreshing and wonderful. The stories themselves are entertaining and intriquing. Some reviewers complained that the scripts don't stick to the originals, but this is not an issue for me here. Christie's stories stay alive and fun even after having been done so often because they aren't always done the same way. Any tweaks to the storylines keep the material fresh and even improve it at times. I think it's fun to be surprised by my old favorites! Hooray for Geraldine McEwan! I hope to see many more Miss Marple stories with her in the title role 
i have ever seen.What to say for this film.Great acting,great story and great music.Don't hesitate go get it.This will be one of the gems in your movie collection. And please guys when you come to movies like this masterpiece don't give them a 3 star rate.Not beacuse it didn't have many extras or something like this.The movie is that counts 
"Cinderella II: Dreams Come True" is a series of three stories featuring mostly characters from the original Cinderella and a few new ones. The animation is amazing --- it's filled with lush color (except for muted color when the story calls for it) and the animation looks very polished. It's really a sight to see. The three stories in this are called, according to the closing credits --- "Aim To Please," "Tall Tail" and "An Uncommon Romance." These stories are all tied together with the idea that the Fairy Godmother is helping the mice to make a storybook about the adventures of them and Cinderella since the time that Cinderella met the Prince. The very first story finds Cinderella arriving at the castle after her honeymoon. The Prince is forced to rush away on important state business and Cinderella is left in charge of the royal banquet/ball. She has no idea what she's supposed to do and so this woman named Prudence is assigned to help her out. But will Cinderella be able to pull this together in time and in a way that will please the King? The second story, "A Tall Tail" finds Cinderella in preparation for the Spring Festival. Jaq wants to help out, but it seems like Cinderella no longer has any time for him. He makes a wish to become human. The final story contains the surprising premise that Cinderella's stepsister Anastasia is falling in love with a breadmaker at market. The Evil Stepmother forbids this romance, but Cinderella decides to show Anastasia that even she can have a dream come true. The voice talent is amazing. They did a great job of casting people who made the voices sound just like the original film. Unless you're really listening hard, you'll be hard-put to notice any difference at all. The music in this film is a combination of themes from the original and a few new songs performed by Brooke Allison. I'd never heard anything by Brooke Allison before (that I know of), but she's an amazing artist. Perhaps the most surprising piece is the closing credits number (also featured as a music video) --- a techno version of "Bibbidi Bobbidi Boo" called "Put it Together." It works quite well. Another great song is "Follow Your Heart." For a Disney sequel, this DVD also has some nice special features. There's the aforementioned music video, which features entirely of clips from the film, rather than the recording session by Brooke Allison. However, you do get to see some of the recording in the Musical Magical Featurette, which also includes an examination of the film's score by the composer. There's a Cinderella Storybook, which allows you to read a story about Jaq and Mary with or without narration. The Enchanted Castle game is fairly simple, but not too bad --- you get to help with the decoration and cleanup of Cinderella's castle, preparing a meal and dressing Cinderella. There's also a DVD-ROM game called Cinderella's Dollhouse. Finally, of course, this DVD has the usual previews/trailers for other movies, but perhaps not so usual. This is a great set of trailers. There's a promo for the "Beauty and the Beast" Special Edition DVD in which they talk about how they inserted "Human Again" into the film. Also including in this set is a neat Disney DVD "Pure Digital Magic" promo that I had never seen before. This DVD is truly a worthy edition to the Disney Cinderella story. It really has everything you could want from a sequel to this film and doesn't ruin the original story in any way 
Everyone should see this movie...It does not matter if your Gay or Straight. 
Cesar Milan, the so-called 'dog whisperer', bases his training methods on a dog behavior model that is so out of date as to be archaic - from the dinosaur age. He teaches that dogs base all their behavior on their pack status, and that you need to use painful 'corrections' to convince them that you are Alpha. This idea hasn't the slightest shred of evidence going for it. Yes, dogs do have dominance roles, but that hasn't the slightest thing to do with problem behaviors. Dogs do 'bad' doggy behaviors because they work. Dog guards his food bowl? Dog wants to keep food and knows that growling keeps you away. Dog pulls on the leash? Dog wants to get somewhere faster and knows that pulling speeds things up. The dog doesn't care whether or not you're alpha; he only cares that what he's doing works to get him what he wants. Technically, Cesar's methods work. But they use force, fear, and pain to teach the dog, when you can teach the same things faster with the proper positive motivation and non-forceful techniques. I have three hyper, active, highly driven Border Collies, and they're all very obedient and mannerly. They don't haul me around the leash, nor do they leap at guests, nor do they ignore me when I tell them something. And I don't need to be 'Alpha' to get them that way; neither does anyone else. I strongly suggest that you don't buy this item. Good books to start with are Karen Pryor's 'Getting Started: Clicker Training for Dogs', Melissa Alexander's 'Click for Joy!' (also with a great problem solving section), and Jean Donaldson's 'The Culture Clash'. You can easily have a happy, obedient, well behaved dog without causing him fear and pain 
Between the not so below average acting of Thomas and Biel, the film might have benefited more from a better script, but it did not. There was nothing in this movie that they could have done better, it was just a fluff holiday movie that a family would most likely not want to watch that much 
ALL THESE SHOWS ARE THE SYNDICATED ONES.THERE ARE AT LEAST 3 MIN CUT FROM EACH SHOW.SONY SUCKS BIG TIME FOR RELEASING EDITED SHOWS. NOT THE FIRST TIME( SEE SOAP,OTHER SEASONS OF GOOD TIMES).BROUGHT MINE BACK AND GOT A REFUND 
First of all, I am a Joy Division and New Order fan; therefore, I tried to like this. Really, I did. Sadly, this film stinks. The focus is not on the bands themselves, but on the obnoxious character known as Tony Wilson. What a monster! Either it was the actor's depiction or he does truly have a horrid personality in real life. Maybe I'm not British, but I did not find 24 Hour Party People to be very funny. Only a few scenes made me grin. The randomness added very little to the overall quality of the film. In addition, the camera work was very jerky. Looked like it was done by a novice (and yes, I'm one myself, having made two movies) The only redeeming aspect has to be the scenes with Joy Division. Too bad the members of this band are minor characters. I can only hope that the biopic of Ian Curtis currently in production will be much, much better 
They spend the first half of this movie saying how great the Ultimate Warrior was. The journey is awesome! Then all of the sudden, the paid WWE guys just began to bad-mouth the Warrior. Maybe he did have questionable judgment - but why are they trying to make us feel bad about someone we loved? They take some very low blows. They say that the Warrior was a bad wrestler. Actually he seemed just fine to me when I was young, and I really can't distinguish one's ability from the other. They just all gang up on him and make outragious allegations. Vince says quickly that the reason why the Ultimate disappeared for 3 years was because he failed a drug test. As soon as he says this, they fade to black then come back with a new issue. What drug use? Which drugs? Presumably they're talking about steroids. But what about that high and mighty Hulk Hogan with his admitted drug use. Let's not talk about that - let's just keep ganging up on the Warrior. They completely ridicule him changing his name to the Warrior. And they also just try to badmouth him so much. Who cares that none of the wrestlers liked him? I don't! He excited the heck out of me way more than any of the dorks who say bad things about him -including Hulk. And oh yeah - they don't even let the Warrior defend himself. Why did I have to find out from IMDB.com that he was asked to appear but declined? Why don't they address this? This "docu" is more slanted than "Fahrenheitt 911" Every wrestling and Ultimate Warrior fan will start out loving this docu then hating it. It just leaves you with a bitter taste in your mouth, tired of all of the whining and bitter trash talking. 
I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT!!!! This DVD is FANTASTIC!!!!!! 
Half Light is a movie my wife would like, if I can convince her that it's not too scary for her. She is the most timid of movie goers, and refuses to watch horror movies with me. But Half Light is a ghost story very much in the classic sense: there are some scares, but at the most tepid edge of today's horror. The movie is much more about the grief of a mother (have the Kleenex box close by), and has a big love story (with running horses on a romantic beach with a lighthouse; ugh) in the middle of it. Just the kind of thing my wife might like, when she's willing to see something on her scary side. Unfortunately for me, this is not my kind of movie at all. Even so, it was well made. It was well acted. The English locations were impressively beautiful. The story was interesting, and had a good plot twist at the end. Ah what the heck; I guess I liked it after all 
Trinity Collection is a Bootleg. Picture is extremly poor. 3 movies for $10. Too bad, I like Trinity, she's cute. Ooops, wrong Trinity.. 
I was unfortunate enough to have stumbled across this in 2004. I was thinking it would be a good sit down and watch type of movie, but it was really lackluster. The acting is wooden, the script is very lame, and worst of all, the action isn't very exciting. I expected a much better movie from director Richard Donner. There is a battle scene, and there are action scenes, but they just aren't exciting. When the action isn't exciting, you better have a good story. The story here is alright, but certainly not enough to save the movie. I don't hate any of the actors, they are decent when they have something to work with. Here they had nothing to work with, so they obviously didn't do too well this time. This really isn't worth your time. I gave this to the thrift shop after I got it, and I feel sorry for the person who bought it there 
Susan Ward,coming out of daytime and primetime soaps on TV, gave movie acting a try with this rather lame picture from AOL Films. Director Mary Lambert tries and fails to give us a Basic Instinct story with zero script and while this was a studio pictures, it looks like Warners gave them a fairly low budget to work with. As the lack of film sets show. If you like Susan Ward, then give this a movie a try, if you want to hope that she gets better film roles in the future, DON"T FIND IT HERE 
John Ford must have felt very fortunate (although he would have never have admitted it)to have had John Wayne and Henry Fonda star in Fort Apache. Wayne and Fonda were by far the great director's favorite leading men - he made Wayne a star in "Stagecoach," and went on to direct him in some of the best-loved, best remembered Westerns ever, "She Wore A Yellow Ribbon," "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance," and one of the greatest movies of any genre, "The Searchers." Fonda appeared in many movies with Ford as well, including "Drums Along The Mohawk," "The Grapes of Wrath," and another immortal Western, "My Darling Clementine." Following a pattern that he would continue in "Liberty Valance," Ford analyzes the mythology of the West, in particular the valiant heroic cavalry officer who bravely and unavoidably leads his men to certain death, thereby obtaining immortal glory. Fonda plays an arrogant, by-the-book stiff commander who will have nothing less than a to-the-death struggle with Cochise. Wayne is his subordinate, trying desperately to avoid catasrophe. This film has it all, great performances, great direction, and great cinematography. It is way past time that this great film be released on DVD, but it is well worth the wait 
The acting was very good. The pace was adequate. However, the plot was predictable. The movie just reeks of the intelligent thriller syndrome. Clive's character kept calling this the perfect robbery. The characters talk about the relative intelligence of the other characters or how the other characters can't possibly know what is going on. I'm still not sure what Jody Foster's character brings to the plot. Any way, they do stupid things. The bank robbers dig a latrine in a storage closet. You don't know the hole is a latrine until the end of the movie. However, they do call it a "s--thole during the movie. They spent hours on this hole. Why not use a bucket instead of a hole in the floor for a latrine? They even brought buckets in with them. They were disguised as painters. Why couldn't Clive's character use a bucket with chemical treatments instead of a hole in a floor of a bank for a latrine. Finding plot holes in this movie is like shooting fish in the barrel. Furthermore, the plot is so predictable that it made the movie drag. I have to be honest, I didn't guess the ending. I kicked myself for they gave plenty of clues. For example, a big one is the title of the movie. However, the lame clues (the s--thole) acted like red herrings. They threw me off the scent. 
If you have read (and enjoyed) any of the X-men, save your $, buy the graphic novel of the original dark Phoenix saga, and pretend this movie wasn't made. If you want to see some special effects aren't that hung up on character development, I'd still just rent it 
I love this movie. How can you not with such hilarious diologue? One of my most favorites is when Yzma outlines her first plan to get rid of Kuzko. Ending with a hilarious "I'll smash it with a hammer!" But diologue aside, there's so much more to this movie. The characters are so wonderfully individual, from self-absorbed Kuzko, to evil Yzma with her "secret lab", to dim witted Kronk with his shoulder angel and devil (Secondly, look what I can do. Um, I don't see how that... No, no. He's got a point.) Over and over agian, this movie will keep you laughing. Watch, and enjoy 
It is the best movie I have ever seen. It was so funny. Adam Sandler is the best actor in the world which makes it even better. I saw it at my friend's house. I would watch it again but I don't have it. Little kids under 6 should not see this movie. You will defiantly like this movie. That is why you should buy this movie. Jason M 
I expected alot more from Richard Harris. He was very stiff and it was hard to warm to his portrayal of Abraham. Also, there wasn't enough vocal input from God, expecially since his promises to Abraham and indeed the world should be center stage and offer the viewer a wholistic picture of the first covenant. There were some omissions and scenes out of order from the bible. I was somewhat annoyed that the movie had God saying that Sarai's name means Princess and that he would change it to Sarah which means Queen. This is not true!! In Hebrew Sarah means princess. Such apparently small mistakes really withdraw the films credability 
Director: Gary Fleder Cast: Michael Douglas, Sean Bean, Brittany Murphy, Skye McCole Bartusiask, Guy Torry, Jennifer Esposito, Shawn Doyle, Victor Argo, Conrad Goode, Paul Schulze, Lance Reddick, Famke Janssen. Running Time: 113 minutes Rated R for violence, including some gruesome images, and language. Every fall, Hollywood trots out their latest thrillers, attempting to cash in on the college crowd who wants to bring their dates to a dark theater and take advantage of the squeamishness of the content on the screen; there is a hidden connection in the biting of nails and the changing of the leaves, yet without fail every year there are enough thrillers to keep manicurists in business. Nothing sums up the quintessential fall thriller quite like "Don't Say A Word", a suspense romp as routine as they come. Diverting enough to fool you into a good time, "Don't Say A Word" makes one wish for a leap in time to the holiday Oscar contenders already. Dr. Nathan Conrad (Michael Douglas) is a successful psychiatrist with a beautiful wife (Famke Janssen) and a cherubic daughter. On Thanksgiving morning, a group of bad guys, lead by Patrick Koster (Sean Bean), break into Nathan's apartment and kidnap his daughter. What the men want is a jewel they lost 10 years earlier in a botched robbery that is being held in a secret place by Elisabeth Burrows (Brittany Murphy), a mentally unstable young girl rotting away in a hospital. Since Nathan seems to be the only medical professional she trusts, Patrick uses him as a pawn to recover the jewel. Nathan is soon at the mercy of the kidnappers, but as he gets deeper into Elisabeth's mind, he realizes the young girl could be helped after all. It's perfect casting to place Michael Douglas in the lead role, as no one could play yuppie paranoia quite like he can. Douglas has perfected this type of performance into an art form with his work in "Fatal Attraction" and "A Perfect Murder; Douglas is a little more subdued than normal in this film, as his aging seems to be wearing away his ability to play the hot, rich stud who gets in over his head. The film does contain many moments of pure distressed Douglas (his forte), with his hair glistening, teeth clenched and his eyes scanning the room, etc. Douglas, at least in the first act of the film, makes an attempt to carry the picture with his expected bag of tricks. Soon enough, director Gary Fleder places too much narrative nonsense on Douglas's shoulders, and the actor eventually just gives up and lets the genre's conventions take him to the safety of the end credits. Director Gary Fleder is no stranger to the fall thriller game, having directed both "Kiss The Girls" and the rollicking "Things To Do In Denver When You're Dead." Not really an imaginative director, Fleder nevertheless can be counted on to get the job done. With "Don't Say A Word," Fleder isn't working with a particularly good script, so he falls back on what has worked for him before. This plan of attack from Fleder leaves the picture stale and overtly familiar. The film is not interested in adding new elements to the plot to keep things at least appearing fresh. The end result making "Don't Say A Word" more boring than exciting. The thriller, which is set in New York City, uses the city and apartment locations well, creating a nice sense of claustrophobia. It is when the action suddenly leaves the confines of the city and moves to a cemetery in a nearby island that the picture loses quite a bit of tension and interest. Moving to an obviously-a-soundstage cemetery ruins the fun of seeing the character freak out in their narrow apartments and office spaces. The film must end with a clichd showdown, which is the reason for the move to a different location, but Fleder makes a big mistake taking the story away from the grip of the big bad city. The one element that Fleder does get right is the casting of actress Brittany Murphy. A powderkeg of emotions, Murphy is the perfect choice to play the deranged Elisabeth. Murphy is a grand talent (where is her Emmy for her voice work as Luanne Platter on "King Of The Hill"?), and the only actress in Hollywood that truly achieves success as both a tormented patient and a cute, little princess ("Just Married", "Uptown Girls"). Unpredictable and bristling with untapped passions, Murphy makes a vivid impression in "Don't Say A Word." You've seen this type of film before, and just because it's the time of year when apples taste the best doesn't make this barely alive thriller any more enjoyable. For fans of the genre, "Don't Say A Word" is another solid installment in the Michael Douglas versus New York crime saga. Just don't expect any surprises 
Over the years, people have grown tired of natural disaster movies. Why? Because they all appear to be the same. Here's an example of a typical storyline- everything starts out nice and calm, the story focuses on one family, the family starts having problems and they split up, and then a volcano, tornado, hurricane, or whatever hits, and all the family members somehow miraculously avoid the incredible danger JUST so they can be together again and make up with each other by the end of the movie. Well, that kind of typical storyline isn't featured here. Twister is truly a classic. It's not ordinary, either. It's about a group of tornado chasers who, as you guessed, drive around speeding through the country in an attempt to get never-before-seen film of a twister, up close and personal. This means the film delivers the most amazing action I have honestly ever seen in a tornado movie. Twister is definitely better than most of the similar type of films, and I remember in 1996 how influential this movie was. I was in 9th grade, and the science teacher played Twister for the class a couple times throughout the year because it was SO good and much better than other tornado films. Helen Hunt plays a magnificent role. She is so obsessed with her love of twisters that she barely seems to care about the divorce she's going through. What's great about this is that, despite giving us a really good story about a divorce, this doesn't interfere with all the tornado action. There are *so* many good scenes in Twister that show the devastation tornadoes are capable of that it's simply amazing to me how much time and energy had to happen to make this movie. Favorite scenes? Well, everyone seems to love the cows floating in the air, so I won't pick that one. I really liked the part where the twister ripped through the outside movie theater, tearing the big screen to shreds as the people quickly ran away to try and get away from it. That's just one of MANY awesome scenes. The storyline is really good too. It's not just a story about a divorce between Helen and her husband. There's a lot more to it than that. It's complicated because the new girlfriend of the husband shows up and gets involved in all sorts of tornado action (against her will). This is such an awesome movie. I highly recommend it. Tornado movies don't GET any better than this. Pure action from beginning to end. You will be glued to your television screen hoping the tornado chasers manage to escape the devastating danger. Twister will make you think twice if you're thinking about becoming a tornado chaser. 
This was truly a great piece of work and should be viewed by all. It was a very sad day when the election was stolen from Mr. Gore, but this movie gave me a new realization. That being in office would have held this man back. His talent and passion truly shine through here and are very contagious. This is not a movie that leaves you feeling hopeless and wondering what you can do. Mr. Gore lists plenty of things we as individuals can start to do to make changes. He gives a website climatecrisis.net for more ideas and info. If you think this might be too boring for your taste, give it a chance and watch it if only to see the giant jellyfish. Thank you Mr. Gore and all of the people who helped you make this happen 
This is a fantasy film about a family of witches in modern times. The Owens girls are hereditary witches, any man who loves one is doomed to an early death. There is a scene where a woman asks for a love potion, this requires the sacrifice of a dove. Two little girls watch. Years later they're grown up. One leaves to live with her boyfriend. But the curse returns and a boyfriend is run over by a truck (never stand in the middle of a road). We see scenes where the neighbor kids yell "witch", as if to symbolize something. Sally goes when Jillian calls her; she has a problem with her boyfriend. But Sally uses a "magic potion" to eliminate the problem. Now Jillian wants to undo what was done. [The film began to lose me now, it wasn't funny.] The spell goes awry, they bury their mistake. Then there is a scene where the ladies are all giggles. Later an investigator comes around looking for Jimmy. [The story drags again.] More scenes follow; they are not funny or scary or even entertaining. But a scene in the attic will wake you even if you're snoozing! They call some friends over to cast a spell to drive a demon out of Jillian. It seems to work, even if they don't use the standard issue witches broom. There is a sort of happy ending. Sandra and Nicole are good actresses, but they can't cast a spell to improve the script of one of the worst movies I've ever seen. "Bell, Book, and Candle" is a funnier film, "Blair Witch" is a scarier film. This falls between the cracks. 
Wonderful show, fun episodes, great actors. DVD Boxset comes with confidentials with behind the scene footage. However, the confidentials are shortened versions from the full confidentials shown on television. But only footage of the old series of Doctor Who was removed. Worth the money 
A hilarious movie, made moreso by the fact that the acting and plot are universally better than what you'd find in the object of it's spoofing, "Top Gun." The film is loaded with Abrahams's usual sight-gags, puns, slapstick, and quick wordplay. There's always something going on in the background, making for fun repeat viewings. The overall cheesiness of the special effects really adds to the overall experience. Besides that, it's educational, too! You'll never again wonder what a chafing dish is 
THis was the first scary movie I ever saw in the cinema, and it made a strong impression on me. The bathtub scenes were so eerie that I only took showers for a few years after I saw this movie at 15 - that is how much it scared me. I have since watched it as an adult and was able to keep it in healthier perspective, although I do have to say it is pretty scary and well done. Watching it many years later, I was surprised that it lacked a lot of the 70's cheese that you see in many films from that era. The carpet and some of the clothes were funny, but it didn't detract from the film. Glad I bought it 
Surprisingly sleaze and Chauvinism by female Director Heckerling! She duplicated it in Chevy Chase vehicle National Lampoon's European Vacation too! Many child actors got their start here, but the thing that cracked me up, as I saw it when it came out (unfortu- nately) was the dialog of my fav band, Cheap Trick: Ticket scalper "...The magntism of Robin Zander and the charisma of Rick Nielsen...and what about the tunes, 'I Want You To Want Me, The Dream Police...nan-nan-nah, 'You're momma's alright, your daddy's alright, they just seem a little weird, Surrender, surrender...", before he's interrupted. If that isn't somebody's idea of 'Surrender', they've stumbled onto this review by mistake 
I like pretty much all of Annie Leibovitz's photography, and if you have noticed her work on magazine stands you'll probably enjoy the book too 
Excellent pay per view. One of the best of 2002. Here's the matches: 1) 6-Man Elimination Table Match: 3 Minute Warning Rico vs. Jeff Hardy Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley (5/5) Great opener. Lots of high spots included. For 300+ pounders, 3 Minute Warning really can move. Surprise ending. 2) Cruiserweight Championship: Jamie Noble (champion) vs. Billy Kidman (5/5) Both looked impressive during the match putting on a superb bout. Watch for Noble's sick DDT and Kidman aerial moveset. 3) Hardcore Match for Women's Championship: Trish Stratus (champion) vs. Victoria (4/5) A solid women's division match. Tons of weapons but a weak finish. Victoria supposedly injured her ACL in this match but I couldn't find the spot. Maybe you can. 4) WWE Championship: Brock Lesnar (champion) vs. Big Show (2/5) Of course Brock was able to suplex the Big Show and Brock was able to get him up for the F-5, which Paul Heyman doubted. The match unfolded quickly and equipped a strong end. 5) WWE Tag Team Championship Elimination Match: Edge Rey Mysterio (champions) vs. Kurt Angle Chris Benoit vs. Los Guerreros (3/5) Using a Tag Title bout as a warm-down match didn't pay out well. Rey possessed an intense aereal arsenal compared to his present one. Worth watching. 6) World Championship Elimination Chamber Match: Triple H (champion) vs. Kane vs. Chris Jericho vs. Rob Van Dam vs. Booker T vs. Shawn Michaels (4/5) I was hoping someone would bring the match atop the chamber, but was disappointed. And the fact that Jericho was a World Tag Team champion at the time puzzled me, since Christian, his partner, wasn't even on the show. Besides that, a great Main Event. RVD nearly crushed Triple H's throat at one point. Jericho knew how to work an Elimination Chamber at perfectly. Overall 4/5 for Survivor Series 2002. Worth buying 
I have loved this movie ever since I saw it on television and watch it whenever it is on (it's been some time now) and I plan to buy it. Waterston has never been better as the understanding and loving father. I didn't realize when I first saw it that Reese Witherspoon was the daughter (that was before Reese Witherspoon became Reese Witherspoon). A heartbreaking, beautifully acted and must-see film. Rings true to life. They certainly don't make movies like this anymore, and it's a shame 
I have watched this movie four times now, and every time at the end of the movie I am crying like a baby..... It's so sad!!! But still so good 
How could Mr. Cameron take a subject like this and a cast and brig out the worst in everybody? The production design and cinematopraphy are sumptuos, but the script and dialogue are so banal, the fine cast delivering one empty performance after another. (Including Leo, who was so good in "What's Eating Gilbert Grape?" in 1993 when I didn't yet know who he was, I thought he was really a cute little retarded kid... yet in "Titanic", there's just nothing there--- or nothing permitted). Talk about a SHIP wreck!! Only the two studio-backed block voting resulted in the record-tying Oscar wins/nominations. 
Three Stooges meet Waiting for Godot. Lurie, Waits and Benigni turn in great performances. They've been locked up in a Lousiana penitentiary for being in the wrong place at the wrong time. Jarmusch gives you each of their sordid lives in turn before throwing them together in a jail cell. Benigni plays wonderfully off Lurie and Waits, culminating in a hilarious version of I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice scream. Eventually, they find the light at the end of a tunnel, only to have to escape through a swamp. Jarmusch gives his characters plenty of room, making for many amusing interchanges. Jarmusch provides deft camera work and his usual wonderful eye for detail to make this his most memorable film 
As you can tell from my other reviews, I own a lot of Kathy Smith DVD's. The reason is she has solid workouts that are fun and she has great cue-ing and instruction. She always cues from YOUR point of view, when she says left it's YOUR left, which makes it easy to mirror her on the screen. This step workout has 3 segments, designed for beginner, intermediate and advanced. The beginner should stop after segment 1 and go to the cooldown. The intermediate stepper should finish segments 1 and 2 and then proceed to the cooldown. The advanced stepper can do all 3 segments before cooling down. Each segment gives you two options: high impact (power moves) or low impact. Higher impact consists of modifying low impact moves to contain more jumps. One person in each segment does the low impact moves so you can follow her. Segment 1: 12 minutes long. Easy to follow basic stepping. Kathy and company use a springboard step but any step (or even no step for beginners) will work just fine. Segment 2: 13 minutes long. Slightly more intense than segment 1 and more add on sequences. After you've been stepping 6 minutes Kathy moves to squats and lunges which gives you a rest and lets your heartrate lower. This is my only complaint about this video, I wish she would have added this at the end of the entire video and continued cardio through the entire 2nd segement. However, this segment only lasts ~4 minutes so it's not that big of a deal. There is a heart rate check after this segment. Segment 3: 12 minutes. The step is switched to the other position for a bit more variety. A few squats and leg lifts in sequence finish out this segment. There is a 5 minute cooldown and a little bit of a stretch (probably won't be adequate for most people after this workout). She has a safety demonstration after the cooldown where she promotes the step she shows in the video, but should be viewed by first time steppers to make sure they do it properly. 
I love sub movies. This one is one of my favorites. Good story and good action 
as usual, michael moore undercuts himself by refusing to accept that a 45 minute documentary should not run two hours. theres alot of great stuff here (the interview w marilyn manson, the interview w trey parker, ), but too often moore inserts himself into a story others should be telling, no more so than in the vile segment where he goes to visit charlton heston. i agree with many, nay most of moores politics -- but hes a rotten filmmaker with some great ideas but awful execution. 
I bought this only because i loved the first one, hoping it wasn't as terrible as the second. After i watched it i was so impressed. First of all i loved that it really didn't have anything to do with the first, aside from Cassidy being Katherine's cousin,and sharing the same last name (there is only one reference to Katherine and Sebastian in the beginning). It is much better than having different actors playing old characters, which drags a movie down alot. I thought the story was great, with good twists.The whole cast is very attractive, which can't hurt either. The "bad" characters are all pretty likeable, aside from one, and all is well in the end. The best thing about this movie is the character Cassidy. I sarted out hating her, and ended up really liking her for her realness, and honesty she does not try to hide that she is a b*tch. This actress does a particularly good job, pulling off both loveable, and complete brat at the same time. I would definetly reccomend this movie. 
What more could a true Parrotthead ask for than Jimmy Buffett live at Wrigley Field? This two-disc DVD set captures the truly historic concert from Chicago. Jimmy and the band put on a great show. It makes you feel as though you were part of the show. The bonus coverage is not to be miseed. The time lapse of setting up the stage is fun to watch. And the Star-Spangled Banner performance rivals Jimi Hendrix. This is a must for any music lover, but the true Parrottheads will definitely need to add it to their collection 
I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH STEVE'S PERFORMANCE. EVENTHOUGH IT TOOK A LOT OUT OF HIM TO REFRAIN FROM SWEARING, HIS MATERIAL TOWARDS THE END OF THE SHOW BEGAN TO DWINDLE TO THE POINT THAT IT JUST BECAME PLAIN IGNORANT, ESPECIALLY IN THE PART WHERE HE WAS EXPRESSING HOW HE WOULD "KILL SOMEONE", ETC., AND GLOATING BOUT IT. AFTER I BOUGHT IT, I LATER CAUGHT IT ON A CABLE NETWORK. GOD MAY NOT BE "THROUGH WITH HIM YET", BUT IT WILL BE UP TO HIM (STEVE) TO REPENT ON HIS OWN. THIS MAY BE GOOD HUMOR FOR A MORE COMPLACENT CHRISTIAN AUDIENCE 
Wow! Practice a few vapid platitudes and wield some handy aphorisms and woo-woo sounding phrases, change your voice, and you, too, can be a CHANNELER! For money! I'm definitely in the wrong occupation. Has anybody ever thought to question "Ramtha" on a few specifics that a 35,000 year old being from "Atlantis" should know? Did Ramtha's ancient society speak Indian-accented English? What an amazing stroke of luck! What did Ramtha's people do for agriculture and diet, how was his/her society structured, what tools did they use, and where was "Atlantis" precisely located? I'm certain that archaelogists and anthropologists could benefit from such knowledge that such a wise being could impart after miraculously surviving 35 millenia--or how many years precisely, and in what reckoning? Could Ramtha show us some writing samples in Atlantean script? Linguists could help here. Or--is it just possible that JZ Knight and her kind are great at pulling one over on us because we WANT and NEED to believe? Isn't that a more realistic explanation? What does that say about those who buy into this? 
Of course the movie deserves 4 stars, however I wish I could say the same for the DVD. What does it take for DVD company to release each DVD enhanced for 16x9 TVs? Nothing! Recently I bought a SONY BRAVIA 32 INCH display and I have a collection of over 600 Dvds. I learned now about "Enhanced for 16x9 TVs" and how important it is, I did not care about it or even know about it since I own a standard TV, however all my Dvds are Region 1 and in widescreen, I never buy fullscreen Dvds. So I did an inventory on my collection and realized the following: Out of 600+ Dvds, 42 are NOT enhanced for 16x9 TVs and they really look horrible when I played them on my PC. Anyway, according to my inventory. THE FOLLOWING MOVIES / COMPANY HAVE FAILED TO PRODUCE ANAMORPHIC OR 16X9 WIDESCREEN and I hope that these company will release them in the near future so that we can enjoy them on our TVs. MGM: Runaway Train Graduate No Way Out Prizzi's Honor FX Shallow Grave Thief House Of Games Dead Man Walking Misery The Eye Of The Needle Overboard PARAMOUNT: Private Parts 48 Hrs Coming To America Primal Fear The Ghost And The Darkness Breakdown UNIVERSAL: Day Of The Jackal Psycho (AVAILABLE IN THE RECENT HITCHCOCK'S BOXSET AS ANAMORPHIC) Vertigo (AVAILABLE IN THE RECENT HITCHCOCK'S BOXSET AS ANAMORPHIC) The Game FOX: Abyss (I WAS SHOCKED TO LEARN THAT MY 2-DISC IS NOT ANAMORPHIC, NOR IS THE LATEST DIGIPACK EDITION) Raising Arizona The Edge Great Expectations Rising Sun The Ref Romancing The Stone The Jewel Of The Nile ARTISAN: House Of The Spirits The Last Seduction The Last Emperor The Eagle Has Landed Bound PS: PLEASE ARTISAN, INSTEAD OF RELEASING 'BASIC INSTINCT' FOR THE 4TH TIME, WHICH MOST HAVE ALMOST THE SAME SPECIFICATIONS, CONSIDER RELEASING SOME MORE INTERESTING MOVIES WITH PROPER ATTENTION SUCH AS THOSE MENTIONED ABOVE. TOUCHSTONE / WALT DISNEY: Ransom What About Bob? PS: IT IS A GREAT NEWS THAT TOUCHSTONE ARE RELEASING 'ENEMY OF THE STATE', CRIMSON TIDE' AND 'CON AIR' IN EXTENDED UNRATED EDITIONS ON MAY 16. I WISH THOUGH THEY DID THE SAME WITH 'RANSOM' WARNER: 91/2 Weeks Presumed Innocent NOTE THAT WARNER STUDIO IS RELEASING ONE OF THE BEST 2-DISC SPECIAL EDITION SUCH AS 'SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION', 'HEAT', 'MALCOLM X', 'DOG DAY AFTERNOON', 'ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN' AND MANY MANY MORE. The reason why they don't release every DVD in widescreen enhanced for 16x9 is beyond me since soon Widescreen Tvs will replace standard ones. IT IS A RELIEF THAT AMAZON IS NOW STATING WHETHER THE DVD IS ANAMORPHIC OR LETTERBOXED. 
(3.5/5 stars) Listless beings meandering about the mall aimlessly, ashen-faced with blank stares; where is the horror in that? Sounds like a typical Sunday afternoon at the mall to me. In fact, Dawn of the Dead (1978) really does seem more like an action movie than it does a horror film. More or less picking up where "Night of the Living Dead" left off, zombies are on the hunt for prey across Pennsylvania. Four people arm themselves to the teeth with guns and other gear in order to survive the onslaught of lurching zombies. They take refuge in a shopping mall, which provides just about everything they need. They work together as a team and bond in the process of learning they need one another to endure. The walking dead are motivated by hunger alone and don't bring much in the way of strategy. It would be like shooting fish in a barrel if they weren't so tenacious. The four know they need to hurry out of there because there is talk on the TV of bombing areas of high zombie concentration. They have hope this epidemic is limited in area and that they will be able to find refuge among the living elsewhere. What does fate have in store for them? "The Night of the Living Dead" took place, obviously, at night and in the dark, which provided a much more frightening backdrop. It was also in black and white, which masked the deficiencies of the inexpensive zombie make-up. This is not the case with "Dawn of the Dead," which is in color and takes place during daylight. The "zombies" are people dressed as they normally would, but with their faces painted grey. The result is anything but scary. Tom Savini's effects are hit and miss, though always disgusting. Nonetheless, this is a decent film that features some above-par acting and a decent script. The Anchor Bay Divimax DVD is also noteworthy, with a clean transfer and DTS sound mix. An extra  star for the effort. 
I didn't like this video for several reasons. The rubber band is a waste of time and hurts your hands. I was looking for an aerobic video. I have Gilad - Bodies in Motion which is great but was getting bored with it since I had it for four years. Let me just say I'm sticking with Gilad because Denise does nothing for me. You don't even feel like you had a workout with her. She's boring. I would recommend Gilad for aerobics and Tamilee Webb for toning. Tamilee is awesome. I have many of her videos and I'm a true fan of hers 
This is the most tedious, unfunny, overrated movie of all time. It's interesting that this is from the same man who produced Spaceballs, which was actually rather humorous (though also quite tedious at times). I'll always be at a loss to understand why people think it's so funny. His utter lack of subtlety is terrible to behold 
The entire premise of the movie is not merely ludicrous or far-fetched, it is actually completely false. The concept of double jeopardy has nothing at all to do with WHOM is murdered (or is otherwise the victim), but WHAT you did, in distinct criminal incidents. Even if you were wrongly convicted of murdering someone, if you go back and murder them "again" then that is a new incident, and double jeopardy does not apply. In movies intended to be fantastic, diverging this much from reality might be OK. But this is a mainstream legal thriller. It's like having a mainstream romantic comedy where the men wear lipstick and the women don't, for no apparent reason. But the producers of this movie either have no idea what the law actually says or means, or they just (accurately) banked on the general public being too ignorant to notice how ridiculous it is 
ok sue me,i love this piece of cheese from the 70's. a remake of sorts of the last man on earth,heston is a doctor who used a expermental sereum on himself after a bio war has wiped out most of the world. the people who are left are albinos who can't get out in the sun(i.e. vampires,as they were in the book), and they want heston to die for his crimes(he is free of the germ and was an army doctor so they blame him for the end of the world. heston spends his days tracking them and killing them and his nights whole up fighting off the mutants. this was a staple of late night t.v. and for some reason the sunday afternoon movie. you can tell in the stunts that it's not heston and some of the speachs are well corny, but the movie even with it's down beat story is fun and can be scary for younger kids(still i would be very careful about letting young ones see it as it has some nude scenes in it) the widescreen transfer is very good as is the sound and the extras are small but very nice 
Watching this movie, I am struck by how effectively they can take one of the most interesting and exciting stories possible, and make it drag out on the screen. The disappointment at the pacing of such great subject matter holds no bounds. Watching this moving is almost embarassing knowing how good this could and should be, and how poor direction, and what seems like a script which does injustice to pacing and drama can wreck what should be greatness. I won't even go into historical inaccuracies, or the completely ridiculous cover art showing a modern beretta as the pistol sidearm 40 years too early. Makes me wonder if this movie was crafted with apathy towards the subject, the audience and history instead of respect 
I wouldn't normally write a review of such drivel but felt that I had to when I saw what Christiane Schmidt had to say. Now we all know Mr Gibson has got issues with the British (as well as others) - just look at that other pile of tosh - Braveheart. But here is an example of why rewriting history to fit your own personal prejudice is dangerous. The usual response is "It's not history but Hollywood, it's fiction based on historical events". But the problem is that some people actually believe it really happened like that! Now I'm sure that many atrocities took place on either side of what was in effect a civil war, but I've never read of the British burning down churches with people inside - Nazis, yes....British, no. But who cares about whether it really happened....it's only a film!! Good grief, next thing you know they'll be making a film about the US recovering the first enigma machine.....oops. 
I was on a plane from Shanghai to Bangkok -- stop drooling -- and I was reading a book. On the TV, I saw Tim Allen chasing an orange cat. In the course of the chase, he dropped down from two legs to four. The effects, I'll admit right up front, were great. This looked far better than the old 70s (I think) version called THE SHAGGY D.A., which I haven't seen. But even so, it sucks. I didn't need sound or subtitles, and I didn't need but 5 or 10 minutes to figure out that it sucks. True sucking is like that. (Yeah, I saw the bit with the Scrabble board. "I am Dad." Whoop dee freaking doggy doo.) It's possible we underestimate Tim Allen's ability as an actor, perhaps because THE SANTA CLAUSE was so unforgivably bad. But even so, this movie sucks. Sometimes life is just that simple. 
Almost unbelievably bad, except I saw the remake of 'Shaft,' which should have been a forewarning. This is like a comic book for filmgoers. No, not a graphic novel adapted to the screen. More like a comic book for kids, that you'd be embarassed to own at any age. Doubly offensive is the high quality soul music that is on the soundtrack, a travesty to the nth degree. 
What's not to like about the character of Jack Ryan? He's honest, ethical, modest, smart and rising like a shooting star in the US Government. Wish he was real. These are all good movies - well made, realistic, exciting and family friendly 
How many times have you watched an exercise video hosted by a bouncy, perky blonde with a plastic smile making you feel like a fat, lazy slob? Or maybe it was an arrogant Hollywood trainer with that "fitter than thou" sneer... these instructors just don't seem like real people with real lives outside the gym, do they? Well, Ana Caban is different. She has a warm, relaxed presence with grace borne of years of ballet. She explains the moves thoroughly without talking down to the viewer, and she gives the impression that she does Pilates because she likes the results - not because she is an obsessive-compulsive exercise fanatic. The exercises are geared toward the beginner, yet offer enough of a challenge to keep you busy for a while. When you've mastered the beginner workout, she also leads an intermediate workout which offers greater challenges, but the familiarity of Ana's friendly demeanor. I have a hard time making myself exercise, but when it comes to buckling down and choosing something to do for myself, this is the DVD I pop in the machine. I've purchased several exercise tapes and DVD's over the years, but this one has definitely seen the most use 
HART'S WAR had potential. The last months of World War Two as a backdrop with demoralized GI's crammed into an overcrowded POW compound. If this picture was soley about the hardships endured by surrendered soldiers during the Battle of the Bulge, then it could have had a chance. Instead the film makers took on too many plots and subplots. Unintentionally the movie borrows from SLAUGHTERHOUSE FIVE, A SOLDIER'S STORY, THE GREAT ESCAPE and STALAG 17. A cardinal rule in war films is that the premise has to be simple. In HART'S WAR we find some good elements lost in a virtual Mulligan stew. In the story Colin Farrell's character, a rear echelon lawyer, accompanies another officer on what he thinks is a joyride. Unfortunately for Farrell, the Germans have launched their attack in the Ardennes. The young lawyer is captured, harshly interrogated, and finally shipped out to a German stalag. There he meets the senior POW officer, played by Bruce Willis, and tries to settle down in the dirty and uncomfortable life of a POW. A soldier is killed and a recently downed Tuskegee airman is accused of murder. Yes, you guessed it. Farrell takes on the aviator's defense during the subsequent courts martial. If director Gregory Hoblit left the storyline to develop around the trial a decent film could have emerged. Instead we have additions of Colonel Hart's unexplained behavior, an mass tunnel escape plot, sabotage and the German Commandant's attempt to befriend the American lawyer as superfluous baggage. HART'S WAR was filmed in the Czech Republic, no doubt to cut costs. A little more effort and a lot less story and this film would have had a better showing at the box office. Still, if you enjoy war movies you should probably add this DVD to your collection 
...has a pretty thin plot. Ice/'Cave' Man is thawed out by "Rudy" (Sean Astin) and (Ass) Pauly Shore [who's (bogus)'West Coast Surfer Rap' has grown pretty lame by now]. Brendan Fraser is likable in this yet another attempt at Pro-Evolutionist b.s... 
I hate to trash on an American Classic... but this was truly horrible. I thought my son would like this due to the flying car. It took hours of TORTURE to get to that scene. Horrible, horrible film. Mindless, drawn-out banter, and weak story line. Our copy eventually broke (stepped on?) --- we felt SOOO lucky to have it gone. "One Star" seems like a generous rating 
I got this video thinking it would be like the baby faith videos with fun and creative elements for learning development. My baby watched about two mintues and was gone. I think this is pitched as a baby video but it's really more geared toward older children. None of the elements have anything to do with the music, making is virtually useless as a learning development product. I give it a big "thumbs down". Try any one of the baby faith products like God Made Me, God Made Music and God Made Animals. They're awesome! 
Shame on talented actors like Maura Tierney and Jerry Orbach for their involvement in this laughably bad mystery movie. Uninspired direction with a trite and convoluted script combine with terrible acting to make a movie that has little to recommend it. "Star"/co-writer John Romo is one of the worst leading men to come around the bend in some time, and this is his only film, and I can see why. He plays a private investigator who finds himself looking into the murders of several lingerie models whose underwear was designed by Tierney, who also works in a local factory run by Orbach. Dennis Christopher shows up as a seedy illegal alien investigator; and June Lockhart and Lyle Waggoner lend their names to supporting roles as Tierney's estranged parents. The movie professes to make some statement on the poor treatment of immigrants but it's so shoddily included, it makes no statement at all. Little heard of movie; I can see why 
Oh my god this has to be the best film i have EVER seen in my life. First things first, how did they train that monkey, he is as clever as einstein. My pal Mickso said its just a guy in a suit but that son of a gun isn't fooling me clap! clap! clap! well done mr monkey! Anyways i'd highly recommend this film.....and joining a stamp collecting club, they've both changed my life forever, in fact i hope to grow up to be a stamp collecting monkey actor....... with as many casio watches as i can eat. This is Kevin Kennedy signing out dudes ;o 
What do you get when you have rock the devil's son and Adam Sandler pLaying the devil's son?You get Little Nicky.This is the strangest movie Adam Sandler has possibly ever played in. You have two of the devil's sons who want to be the devil themselves and you have Nicky the nice as can be son.The devil doesn't think any of his children are good enough to take his place yet until he tells them otherwise.Little Nicky could care less but his two brothers are outraged.Rioting and leaving hell.Making it impossible for souls to enter or leave.All except for Nicky.He must leave his do gooder life and head to Earth and save his father and all the humans in general.Having a left hell he now has only himself and a little dog companion (Beefy). Nicky has to learn to live a humans life and capture his two twisted brothers in a mystical flask.Balancing those two and the fact that he can't "release the evil" Nicky finds himself dazed and confused.The movie had some really cool side characters like two rockers/satin enthusiasts.The music is awsome with some good old Ac/Dc and the comedy is actually funny.Many say the jokes are kinda lame in this film i couldn't find a reason to critique this movie otherwise.The extras are great featuring an in depth look at metal bands and rock in general. A must rent 
Okay, I own a Britney album or two. But the girl really let herself go... She should have stayed in school, instead of the Mickey Mouse Club. Or at least beauty school... or something, then she might have known that the hair she has now is hideous. I know I'm not the only one who thinks she's turing into Trailer Trash.. except, she's got money. That hair? Her Clothes? and lets face it guys, she was putting on weight WAY before she got pregnant.. Fashion senses aside.. She's really more IDIOTIC, that Chaotic.. she's got this princess in distress act that only her die hard fans can't see through.. I saw her in concert once, yeh I admit it. Paid for me and a friend to go. Was gonna go see the Onyx Hotel Tour too, just because.. But when I saw it on Showtime, I was SO Glad she canceled the tour and I got my money back. Her vocals were horrible, and it was so bad when MTV picked it up and they were obviously doctored.. she has absolutely no talent whatsoever.. and her vision is incredibly lacking... Her bland personality and complete naiivity and idiotic behavior makes itself evident in this show that isn't even bareable for a minute... I'd rather drag myself through Glitter, or Madonna's latest Tour Doc than sit through a single episode of IDIOTIC. I'm not a Jessica Simpson fan really.. But Newlyweds was hillarious, I loved that show.. Go for that INSTEAD of Chaotic if you're looking for something like that... No doubt, however, if you are a Britney fan... you'll end up with this anyway.. the whole brainless lot of you. (At least Mariah fans can say their girl can sing.. and at least Madonna fans can say their lady knows how to put on a fantastic show.. Britney.. well, she used to be pretty. 
This was purhcased by accident. But still one of the crapiest movies I ever seen. Story wise, well it's bad to see what situation young girls could have with whores for mothers and growing up just like them. It's actualy very sad to see young girls throwing away their life away. Other wise, movie had bad ending, good quality packing and dvd from amazon.com ... 
Update (Jan 27, 2006): I am still waiting for this 3-pack placed last October. I have repeatedly asked the company to delete items listed on its website that it does not have. I am glad that Amazon has finally removed its original listing of this 3-pack (NEW) from its website. Jan 27, 2006 I am still waiting for this 3-pack to be delivered for, initially, the Thanksgiving holiday, followed by, as promised by representatives of Amazon, Christmas. I doubt if Amazon actually has this item for New Year's day (2006). Forget to mention that I ordered it on Oct 27, 2005 and today is Dec 26, 2005. p.s. I received another update this morning indicating that the item will not be shipped until Jan 27, 2006. I am going to keep waiting until somebody admits that Amazon does not have this item at all 
The thing I like about this movie was that it was wholesome, something the whole family could watch together without having to worry about bleeping the bad parts out! Cute, entertaining story with some romance thrown in for interest 
The age of the Hollywood western had its apex in the middle of the 20th century, then with the change of modern society in the 1960's, the western genre lost its allure and Hollywood abandoned westerns for other fare. Thanks to Ted Turner and his love for American Western film making, the long lost western has been reborn in a big way. Tom Selleck continues to impress audiences as a true western hero in the tradition of John Wayne. Selleck is more than adequate for the part, big in body and big in acting skill. He takes the part of Paul Cable, and turns his character into someone we can believe, like, and respect. Cable comes back from the Civil War months before its official end. He is tired of war and killing, and wants to return home to raise cattle in his home state of Arizona. In trying to escape his wartime experiences, Cable runs into more trouble at home. He finds his wife terribly embittered by his absence, and his home farm is now run by former union soldiers who are naturally hostile to a returning Confederate soldier. Cable must not only fight to regain his farm, but he must also try to rekindle the love that has been lost in his marriage. The story by Elmore Leonard is a solid one and very believable. There are no dull or boring scenes, the picture grabs you and holds you throughout. Selleck is terrific as Paul Cable, fighting for his family, his woman, and his life. Selleck once again establishes himself as a solid western actor in the mould of John Wayne. He is every man's western hero. Selleck carries the picture on his broad shoulders with ease. He is supported with a fine ensemble cast, including Suzy Amis as his embittered gritty wife, and Haley Joel Osment (of "The Sixth Sense" fame) in a minor role as Selleck's son. Amis portrays a western pioneering woman in perhaps one of the most realistic role ever portrayed. Too many times we see western wonmen portrayed as prissy and prim, dressed in their long skirts and blouses without a scuff or mark of western sand or dirt. Amis' portrayal as Mrs. Cable breaks the mould; we see her with dirt and dust on her face, with sweat dripping in lines across her face, and with a surprising ability to hold her own with wagon reins in her hands, or for that matter, a rifle. I personally welcome this portrayal of western women, as it is undoubtedly more realistic than the western wife sitting pretty in her muti-layered petticoats. David and Keith Cariidine are fine antagonists in the fight for the family farm. Harry Carey Jr. plays a small role as Selleck's father-in-law. As a collector of fine western films, I intend to keep "Last Stand at Saber River", as it is an excellent western film in the tradition of the great Hollywood westerns; it's not an epic, but it is fine film-making and will please those craving for a fine western drama. I recommend it. James "Konedog" Koeni 
I have been a huge fan of L. M. Montgomery's work since I was an eleven-year old girl living in the Caribbean. I've read and re-read, and re-read her stories again and again, and can't seem to get enough. The first two film installments in the Anne of Green Gables story are warm, beautiful, funny, inspiring and moving pieces of work, that are more or less faithful to Montgomery's original novels. The third installment is a travesty. Anachronism, bad dialogue, bad plot and plain old bad acting plague this "sequel". I say "sequel" in quotes, because the thing I dislike the most about the movie is the fact that the storyline is a complete departure from what Montgomery had envisioned for Anne so long ago. What a way to end it. That said, I've decided to purchase only the first two installments, and leave the third alone. I prefer to have Anne and Gilbert live out their literary lives in my imagination, than to poison my memory of them with the drivel that is Anne of Green Gables: The Continuing Story 
This movie was a weak effort by Capra, who directed it, and the star, Gary Cooper. It's a good story, just poorly directed (Capra can't hit a home run every time). I found the acting very wooden and the movie seemed to just drag on and on. And no extra features on the dvd, at least none to speak of 
This BBC miniseries has a well earned reputation as being much looser and freer with its literary souce (here the source material is not just one work but several works of DH Lawrence)than most literary adaptations for English television. Also, while most BBC productions of literary masterpieces are studies in social conservatism this one obviously identifies with and invites us to identify with its most irreverent and forward-thinking characters: in this case the sultry and sophisticated, and somewhat libertine (in a 1920's kind of way), Lady Chatterly the earthy and irreverent and smoldering (smoldering both with class resentment and with lust for a lady from the oppressive class) Oliver Mellors. Both of these factors can be attributed to director Ken Russell who has had a long and illustrious career writing and directing some of the BBC's best programs (many of them about musical composers). Russell is nothing if not unconventional and freethinking. Of course most of us in the states know Ken Russell as the director of a handful of cult classics such as TOMMY (1975), ALTERED STATES (1979),and, GOTHIC (1986); all of which feature lurid dream sequences and, some would say, gratuitously lewd situations. But Ken Russell is actually a director with many facets, and Russell's interest in DH Lawrence goes back to at least 1969 when he made what is still the best DH Lawrence adaptation on film, WOMEN IN LOVE (starring Glenda Jackson, Oliver Reed Alan Bates). He then followed that up twenties years later with THE RAINBOW (starring Amanda Donohoe, and Sammie Davis). Both of these adaptations are known for being restrained and fairly true to their sources even though Russell did add some scenes in both which were not in the original books; his additions, however, were tasteful and even added clarity to the material. What is interesting about this new DH Lawrence adaptation is that Ken Russell seems to have remained interested in DH Lawrence for so many years and for many of the same reasons. DH Lawrence more than any other author in the English language, or any language for that matter, stands for the power of the body and the bodies experience over the power of reason. This was the main theme of his earlier DH Lawrence adaptations and this is the main theme of his latest. But this one is by far the most sensual of the three and that is largely due to the fact that Joely Richardson seems to be the very embodiment of sensual awakening; the actress seems as willing as her character to simply follow the dictates of the body regardless of social norms. Its always a big deal when a high profile actress (especially one with the lineage of Joely Richardson) sheds her clothes on screen, but to do so on British televison for all to see takes more than a little boldness. The nudity is well done and adds to the allure of this BBC classic; no question about that. The greatest scene in the entire 4 hour miniseries is not the nudity, however, but, the vision Joely has before she ever ventures out to that hut in the woods. One night after hearing her blowhard husband, Lord Clifford (who cares more for his family estate "Wragby" and his "class" than he does about any individual), read from Socrates about the white horse of reason and the black horse of desire, she dreams she is riding through a Greek temple full of nude men who seem to be growing like vines out of the stone. This is not something that DH Lawrence ever wrote, this is pure Ken Russell and yet its the most exciting thing in the whole miniseries; plus its the best way to deliver Lady Chatterly's state of mind (or body) to us. DH Lawrence is actually very wordy for one who claims to be interested in the body more than in the mind but Ken Russell has found a visual shorthand for delivering those Lawrentian themes with nice visuals. I only wish there were more moments like this. The most sensual acting is done by Joely Richarson when in her private chambers. And Russell seems to be keenly aware that it is Lady Chatterly's imagination that fires her body. After the horse dream Connie drapes a veil over her head and walks nude through the house down to Lord Clifford's first-floor room. This scene is more imaginatively and erotically charged than any of the actual love scenes that will follow. The actual affair between Lady Chatterly and Oliver Mellors is a little odd; in fact its very awkward. At first they just agree (sort of) to use each other for sex. But of course that never works and soon they are intimates thoroughly engaged with each other, body and mind, and running naked through the rainy glades and meadows; then sitting nake dbefore a fire and pretending to be Lady Jane and John Thomas. Their "understanding" involves a mutual appreciation of nature, and a mutual loathing of Lord Clifford and the upper-class privileges that he defends as birthrights. Russell gets a lot of mileage out of the Racine and Proust reading and piano and chess playing Lord Clifford and his antagonisms toward all those that he perceives to be lower than himself (pretty much everyone in the coal mining community that he owns; this actor really has fun with this role and Russell obviously enjoys his rants because he gives him so many). Lord Clifford is actually a pretty forward-thinking guy, in his own way, as he does give his wife permission to take a lover, but, arguably, its for selfish reasons: he merely wants an heir. We certainly pity this WWI vet who must cart himself around in various malfunctioning contraptions (metaphors for the mind and its futile tinkerings perhaps; what people are reduced to when they no longer have a functioning body) but he just won't allow anyone to actually like him except his live-in nurse who finds him curiously attractive (a plot thread that Russell leaves undeveloped). He even vents about the lower classes "knowing their place" in the "natural" scheme of things right in front of his house servants. Russell lingers on the face of one table servant as he does so (another striking Russell touch). No mistaking whose side this film maker is on. So this affair of the body between Lady Chatterly and Mellors is actually informed by a social awareness and a mutual understanding and empathy (which one could argue is as much about reason as it is about the body). In any event we eventually come to accept that these two opposties are drawn to one another for a variety of social and sexual reasons: the one perhaps fueling the other. Lady Chatterly's own father and sister are free-living bohemians; so why exactly she was attracted to the repressed snob Lord Clifford Chatterly is a bit of a mystery. Both her father and sister encourage Connie to find lovers but her sister anyway is as much as a snob as Lord Clifford. We're not certain and we never hear what her father thinks of her affair with the gamekeeper Mellors so we never know if the affair has had social repercussions for Lady Chatterly herself. The ending is a bit ...well I don't want to give it away. Suffice it to say that it's different than the book and it doesn't quite resolve those class issues that it raised. The answer seems to be: leave England. Perhaps the ending is based on one of Lawrence's short stories. In any event Ken Russell's creative attitude toward the "classics" is perhaps the most attractive thing about this adaptation. I hope his attitude is contagious and will inspire more loose and free treatments of the classics. This cultural freedom is refreshing and liberating (for mind and body). 
This is one of my favorite movies of all time--having it on DVD so I can select a scene just makes it better. The only complaint I have is that there are no subtitles available (at far as I can tell)--otherwise it's great--a faithful rendition of a classic story. I think Jane Austen would be pleased. 
Oh man, this is really (...)!!! I rent this DVD,I REALLY, REALLY glad, I rented it didn't buy this Crap! I thought this series of GHOST stories come from J-Horrors. Would be real shocking and scary,Gory. That's what u expected from j-horror!!..It was looks like our TWILLIGT ZONE series was made for TV have silly special effects..Kind of slow pasted stories little silly suspense here and there..Just lame! Wasn't scary at all!. . Definitely SKIP this, It just wasting time and money, I was wondering another review from "THOM" Did he really SAW this movie or someone told him about it? ..He gave this movie 5 STARS????? LOL!! U TRIPPIN DUDE!!.B 
It's a disgrace they charge money for this DVD. Producer and actors should be ashamed this is sold. Fine if people want to experiment with filmmaking, but to release this film with big name actors and charge consumer, unforgivable. I prefer to have rated this with no stars 
it starts out as a lady comes home to cook a boy for dinner but the boy tells the lady three storys from the Tales From The Darkside book. the first one is Lot 249 with Christian Slater, Julianne Moore and Steve Buscemi, which this one is the best with of course Slater's character. then the next one is The Cat From Hell with William Hickey and David Johanssen, this one is ok but it sometimes shallows the movie with its annoying and mangling old people. the last one is A Lover's Vow with James Remar and Rae Dawn Chong, it starts off good with Remar but then ends up being a cheesy story with its lame gargoyle effects 
I'm a language teacher and I have a number of DVDs that I use at school as language tools. DVDs are great because they're inexpensive teaching aids when it comes to foreign languages...but only when the DVDs actually have other tracks than English. Nowadays practically every released movie has language tracks and sometimes subtitles in other languages but this DVD seems like a hearkening back to the dark ages when people were lucky just to get a movie on this format and no extra effort whatsoever was put into a movie's release on DVD. I was pretty disappointed to discover just as the DVD was shipping that it wasn't what I thought it was going to be. I suppose it's my fault for assuming, but I feel ripped off just the same 
To have these three classics for this low price is fantastic. One film is the 1938 version of the classic Christmas Carol this one starring Reginald Owen as a very respectable Scrooge. If you can refrain from comparing him to Alastair Sim, you will be better able to enjoy another interpretation of Scrooge, and it is a fine one. Owen is truly miserly and wretched, as befits Scrooge, and very believable. The overall production is wonderful, the only drawback was the casting of Terry Kilburn as Tiny Tim...WAY over the top, to the point where he is annoying. But all in all, a great version, and Ann Rutherford as the Ghost of Christmas Past is fascinating. Christmas in Connecticut is very satisfying; a real new England Christmas, with Barbara Stanwyck in one of her lighter roles. This is enjoyable for those who are alone over the Holidays and a great film to watch with family for those who will have a traditional Holiday, with family and friends. I saved the best for last...Boys Town. This is absolutely one of my all-time favorites, with Mickey Rooney in one of his definitve, cocky wise-guy roles. No one could touch a Mickey Rooney performance in this type of role; he cornered the brash market...as he proves in this movie. It is a real treat to watch him interact with Spencer Tracy, THE finest actor Hollywood has ever produced, IMO. He has dignity, he commands respect simply by virtue of his own quiet, firm presence. The other boys were great complements to the production; all very natural, and Bobs Watson particularly heart-breaking in his role; what a great actor he was! (If you can find a copy, see him with Cedric Hardwicke and Lionel Barrymore in "On Borrowed Time", a REAL tear-jerker.) I wish I could have been on the set of this one! They must have had a ball. When I saw it, as a child, I thought it was a movie, therefore fantasy, and not real; when I found out that Father Flanagan was indeed real, as was Boys Town, it gave the movie even more of a dimension and interest. His tenet, "There is no such thing as a bad boy", is touching in its simplicity and pure, simple faith. Father Flanagan's secret for success with even the most recalcitrant youth was this faith and his refusal to accept any boy's lack of self-esteem or belief in himself; with FF ALL things were possible. When Spencer Tracy was voted best Actor at the Academy Awards that year, he became the first actor to win the award two years in a row...the first was for his part as Manuel, in "Captains Courageous." Being the gracious, wonderful man he was, he accepted his award with extreme humility, and gave it to Father Flanagan, whom he highlighted in his acceptance speech. This movie has drama, excitement and some very funny moments and shows the amazing versatility of a very young Mickey Rooney. A truly great buy 
I am really wondering about the people who have reviewed this and gave it such good ratings.Ive been looking at their other reviews trying to understand what it is they like. Because this movie STINKS! Im a huge Reese Witherspoon fan and I like Paul Rudd so I rented this movie and thought it would be good. Oh boy I was wrong. The charachters are over the top and the story is just cheesy. Im all for a good fun, romantic comedy. I like "Win a date with Tad Hamilton" but this is just awful. Reese plays a stripper (somehow it just doesnt work)who helps the dorky hopeless Rudd dump then win back his girlfriend. All the time there is a package to stop hence the name "Overnight Delivery". The story could have worked but it just doesnt. The premise is good and there are parts that are somewhat ammusing but overall it sucks. I would reccomend this movie to anyone who liked the Sarah Michelle Gellar movie "Simply Irresistable". If you happened to like that movie with the magical little crab. If you disliked it as I did then stay away. 
I don't know how this skunk got 4 and 1/2 stars on Amazon let alone one! I could hear Hepburn, Bogart and Holden rolling over with a resounding boom. I think this is mainly because of Ford's Linus. He is a very unsympathetic character in this remake. The film critics said that, while the original Sabrina was about her transformation, this version was about Linus' transformation. But here Linus shows no transformation that you can really see. His explanation to Sabrina for his deceitful romancing at the end- "There was a merger, and you were in the way. No hard feelings" is very cold compared with Bogart's "Would you believe I enjoyed every minute of it?" In the original, you get the feeling that Sabrina gets the right man; you don't get that here at all 
I think Denise Austin does a decent job in some of her other videos, but this isn't one of them. She lacks any type of warm up in this one and often looks like she's just trying to make up steps in order to fill the time slot. The moves are not well choreographed and very awkward. Some may find encouragement in the times Denise gives the camera a bug eyed stare and says "We're burning butter.... yeah" but I found it annoying. I think there are much better workouts for the money out there 
I am a huge anime fan, and this is by far the best. Lemme just say, God I can't even find the words to describe to you how wonderul this series is. It inspires hope and takes the viewer on a journey into myth and fantasy. The whole series is actually based on a true story in Japan. A few hundred years ago, the entire population of wolves in Japan became extinct. There are people there, even today that report wolf sightings occasionally :) If you're a fan of wolves, or looking for something a little different, CHECK THIS DVD OUT! The musics great, the drawing is perfect -- not just a random bunch of stills like most animes, but actual movement! You get 4 episodes per DVD, each is a little over 20 minutes long. This DVD includes: 19. A dream of an oasis -- this episode takes place right after the incident at the keep. Kiba finds a place where he is truly happy, and wonders if he has finally found paradise. 20. CONSCIOUSLY -- this is by far my favorite episode in the entire series. It has gorgeous music, and the scene by the lake will stay with you forever, just brilliant. 21. Battle's Red Glare -- Orcom's men are fighting against an enemy, and the wolves are caught in the middle. We see a lot of Blue in this episode (she's so cute as a puppy :) and Cher. 22. Pieces of a shooting star -- The group decides to cross a sea of ice, but it turns out not to be such a good idea :( Toboe goes crazzy and we finally getta see the runt kill some stuff. I can't say enough about this series -- unless you've seen the whole thing, you can't judge it. It's made by the same people as "Cowboy Beebop" and this DVD is preparing us for the typical BONES conclusion ;) The next DVD is way sad and very depressing; no matter how tough you are, you will be crying by the end 
Alright: take a step back, and tell me there isn't something decidedly wrong, even militantly spooky, about the American Southwest. You know what I'm talking about? No? Let me clarify, then. We're driving, Me Thee, across some barren stretch of ancient Arizona moonscape, and we've hit upon what I call the Magic Hour: when the Day is laying down its sword in honor of Old Man Night, and the setting sun is really firing up all those sleeping reds and oranges and deep, feral yellows, up on the rocks, the hills, the cliffs, the crags, the bluffs. Can you see it? Can you hear the coyotes keening and wailing and hi-yi-kee-yi-ing away back up in some box canyon, where those black-rooted stunty trees wave their straggly, evil, twisted arms towards an absentee Heaven? We still think of America as a young country, and maybe that's just our innocence talking. Because this land is just as ancient as any trod by the African or Chinese, and can't you just smell the Terrible Old Blood-Secrets buried down under the Earth when you're out on the high desert? Sure. As the town of Desperation's former Sheriff (former, in that he's going through something of a---ah, Midlife Crisis) would say, Gosh, yes. The guts and sheer, pulpy, bloody visceral glory of Stephen King's novel "Desperation" rides that seam of ancient, buried, hulking horror like a 40-something housewife saddling up the mechanical bull at Gilley's, and that's half its charm---which is why I was expecting so much with Mick Garris's cinematic version, and, no doubt, why I was just so damned disappointed. The setup, the build, the execution---everything about "Desperation" cuts thematically close to the territory King marked with his bad-doggie tale "Cujo". Remember "Cujo"? Something ancient and unspeakably evil, and deeply stupid and hungry---something nasty lies all coiled-up in a dark cave.Until Cujo---big, bumbling, naive, benevolent---comes lumbering into its domain. And gets eaten. Devoured. Turned into a shambling, rabid hulk of its former lovable slobbery self, transformed into a ravenous engine of death with one single design: to spread carnage, red and raw and toothy, across the trembling land. Now, just as the arc and trajectory of the bullet isn't all that mindful of its casing, so too the unsleeping Ancient Evils of Cujo and Desperation aren't too picky about their corporeal hosts. Whether it's a 300-pound dog or a 300-pound lawman, the only real concern is where to pile the bodies. Or so you'd think. Sadly, "Desperation" is a tiny little bang, and a ton of whimper: 15 minutes of shivery brilliance, and what feels like about 8 hours of unbridled dullness. That bristling tale of ancient, sleeping, hungry Evil---Tak ripped out of his slumber with the explosion of the charges in the Rattlesnake Pit, and his unquenchable desire to eat his way out into the guts of the little town of Desperation---all of the novel's frantic hardscrabble fight against a mounting, relentless Evil is wasted by Mick Garris's listless, uninspired direction. It's as if Garris burned up his budget hiring Ron Perlman to run the numbers as Collie Entragian, and then outsourced the rest of the flick to Bangalore. Hell, they even dragoon some worn-out mountain lion to take a chunk out of flabby old Charles Durning's patooshka, and even that doesn't jack up the Excite-O-Meter on this miserable thing. Not that I'm complaining about Perlman: this sad little flick bumps and grinds and gets its Crawling Kingsnake groove-on *only* when Entragian is on the screen, and Perlman is the perfect choice as the Lawman who goes all Economy on us and squeezes both Good Cop *and* Bad Cop into one body, then goes on to Downsize his jurisdiction. With extreme prejudice. Tak! "Desperation" has its 15 minutes of brilliance with that fatal traffic stop: everything is just about note perfect. Those lying, impossibly high wild-blue Western skies; the Trooper lurching out of his cruiser, that Gary Cooper drawl just crackling out over the silence of the High Desert, the spike of Dread at the curt command to step out of the car succeeded by a queasy flood of relief when---thank God!---it's just a busted-tail-light. It's here, in the seconds before "Desperation" lurches forward zombie-style into B-grade horror, that the movie succeeds, that it creeps and crawls the way the book did. It is here that the film conjures up the loneliness of the Vast Stretches, the realization---something most American suburbanites go to their graves without knowing---that there are wild spaces on this crazy planet where you could be murdered and buried without anyone knowing how, or why. While the coyotes howl, the scorpions scuttle and clatter, the black widows stalk and spin and move itchingly towards their prey. Gosh, yes. JS 
... then this would be a really serious detective. As it's executed now, it's a superbly relaxed copper-gets-the-villain with serious undertones. Cool 
Jodie Foster is excellent but there is no doubt that the daughter will be found on the plane at the end. The only mystery is in the details. No real suspense. I found the plot to be a little farfetched 
Excellent. Delivered in a very timely manor. New condition. I could not have been more pleased 
I liked this work out. It is very easy to follow. The instructor, who is very likable, gives good instructions. She gives each dance move a "fun" name, so it is easy to remember. I do this work-out when I want to work-out, but do not have as much energy as usual or I will do it as a warm-up to another work-out. It always puts me in a good mood. I liked that it contains a good warm up and an isolation section. If you are looking for a hard-core dance fitness work-out that leaves you grasping for air as you are drenched in sweat, this is not for you. If you are looking for a fun, easy work-out, then this is for you 
This DVD covers addition from 1 plus 1 to 3 plus 3 plus 3 in about 60 seconds! It does not give enough BODY to the addition explanation and is hard to follow. It was a pure waste of money 
Threshold starring Carla Gugino (Special guest Catherine Bell episode #11 Outbreak): i loved this show. i liked it when it was on CBS and i like it even more now that i got the dvd's with the unaired shows to at least try to bring it to some sense of a conclusion. Carla Gugino was very good (as usual)playing a strong woman named Dr. Molley Anne Caffrey a contingency analayst who's job it is to come up with worst case scenarios for any natural or man-made disaters. (earthquake,hurricanes, WWIII, epidemics, worldwide finacial depression) you get the picture. the one she is called upon for is for a scenario named "Threshold" (hence the name of the show). Threshold - is the contengency plan for alien invasion. her job is now to put the plan in motion. to quickly assemble a team made up of a physian, a mathmatican/linguist, an areonautics engineer and navy seal whose job it is to implement the orders she gives out usually via military force or other covert means and to protect the "Red Team". and asscess the threat and plan how to stop the threat. the actors who played the other members on Molly's team were all good and i believed and cared for them all. but this review is about Carla and Catherine so i will get to the point. Carla owned the show, she carried it off just like she did in "Karen Sisco" she told a great story and added importance to a very well done show. i really do believe she is one of the best and underrated actresses in the business today. and she was just stunningly beautiful. every time she was on camera you could not help but to focus on her. the camera loved her. the beauty made you look her way. but the acting, the way she carried herself. made you stay focused on her. Catherine Bell was on the episode "Outbreak" this episode was about about how Molly and her team discovered that one of the ways the aliens could spread and infect people was through the food supply. now they already knew this a few episodes before but, they thought they took care of it, but they were wrong. Molley needed to know exactly how they spread it, to what foods and how long did it take effect on people who ate it. so she basically drafted Catherine Bell and made her apart of the team whether she wanted to or not. Catherine Bell played Dr. Daphene Larsons. an expert on Botony and Biology. who figured out that some foods were more likely to get it and that it was mainly tomatos and food like it that they need to worry about. i'm afraid Catherine did not get much to work with here and she was only on it for that epsiode and only mentioned it the rest. i was told that had the show been picked up and went the next year she would have been a full blown cast member. But Catherine - like Carla - was stunningly beautiful. however she does not have the same presence as Carla does when she on camera. she did a good job - but she had next to nothing to work with and there was no essence within her or her character's personality that took over when you got over her looks as opposed to Carla when she was on. Carla was on her game and stayed on it. it was her show. Catherine did the best she could with what little she had, she was not on her game. but it wasn't her show. Carla and Catherine had really no interaction together. the only one they kinda had was when Molly was briefing Daphene on Threshold and the story thus far. and that was done with Daphine sitting in a chair looking confused and over-whelmed while Molly stood in front of her and explained it all. and it was all done using cross fade and fade in-outs edits. i appreciated the effects - nice touch - but i would have liked to see some real dialogue there. i'm pretty sure had there been an episode 14 they would have done something together like i don't know; kick some alien butt together or Kissed. in conclusion - i loved the show. then tension kept me going and seemed real. it wasn't neardy and though it was ScFi, i really did'nt get that feeling. there was more to the story, it was intellegently done and i wanted more. but they cancelled it. the last epsiode did however give it some closeuer so you don't feel too cheated buying one season of the show. it left you having enough questions as to where you wanted to see more, but, could still come up with your own conclusions. they ended it like they could add more to the story at a later date in a form of a movie or another show but if they never do. then i guess it is still okay. the show was supposed to last three years going in accordance to Molly's scernario: 1. Threshold - we have spotted and accessed the threat. 2. Foothold - they have established themselves on earth. we have notified the public and began to stop them by any means necessary. (Probably what season 2 would have been called. 3. Stranglehold - if it get to this point it either means we have stopped them and sent them home or they have won and anhilated us. (Season three title i suppose.) she never came up with a 4th stage. i guess it would be pointless. 
Denzel Washington is great but Angelina Jolie he is even better. The movie itself is pretty scary, to tell you the truth it's not pleasant. There are some parts you don't really need to see. The plot of the movie is interesting and keeps you wondering what is gonna happen next. I recommend watching it with somebody, cause it's not pretty. But it's a good movie. 
Nicky Cage was not very good in this cinematic decomplishment, as he turns in a horrible acting job in this dull and boring movi 
One of John Hughes best films,Ferris Bueler made me laugh harder than any other Hughes film. The though of one high schooler having an entire town behind his back makes you wish you were him.I love this film 
Flightplan, or "Flightpanned" is implausible posturing and shrieking. Its total disregard for facts adds foolishness to tediousness. You know where the movie is going within 20 minutes and just like a real plane flight, you spend the rest of the time waiting for it to end. It is a wretched mess 
This is my first WATP video, but I started at the highest mile because I am an intermediate/advanced exerciser so I knew I needed something high intensity to get my heart rate going, but mostly I was looking for variety in my workout. And I must say, I just love this video. It is the only video I own that MAKES me want to do it. I truly enjoy working out, but when I find a workout that makes it fun and mixes things up, I know I hit the jackpot. This workout can be perfect for most exercisers, although beginners probably want to start with her starter videos and gradually work up to the Super Challenge. Leslie is a good instructor, but as most have mentioned, she does talk quite a bit and has a very annoying laugh. But its about the workout, not the sound of her voice, and in that, WATP Super Challenge accomplishes alot. I hope to buy more of her videos in the future. 
A lot of people like me who watches superhero movies want to watch a whole bunch of action with soo much CGI you cant even tell what's real or not. Anyways, I expected this movie to have the too much action I can handle. Guess I was wrong. Don't get me wrong, I like this movie, but I just hope Spidey 3 will have tons of action!!!!!!!! And Tons of CGI EFFECTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!With 3 NEW VILLAINS!!!!!! WHOO HOO!!!!!!!! SANDMAN, HOBGOBLIN, and VENOM!!!!!!!!! Anwyays, just don't make the movie about Peter Parker, but Spider-Man, THANK YOU Stan Lee for creating Spider-man 
If you are at all interested in synthesizers, their impact on the music world, and how the Moog synthesizer changed history, this is a 'must have'. I just wish I had bought my copy and had Bob autograph it before he passed away. I did go to his memorial service... a little late, I admit. But this DVD gives so much insight into the realm of the synth. There's a fair amount of footage from the 50th anniversary event "Moogfest" at BB King's in NYC, in May of 2004. I attended that show, and was just one table from the stage, right in front of Keith Emerson and his monster-moog. There is also some segments of Bob and Rick Wakeman back stage (It was Rick Wakeman's birthday). Anyway- good stuff... I would buy it if I were you. I AM me, and I DID buy it, and I'm not sorry! 
I was not privy to the world of Christopher Guest until a friend of mine told me that if I liked `Drop Dead Gorgeous' then I would flip over any of Guest's films. The video store only had one in, and that was `Best in Show' and I'm SOOOOO glad they had it. This film has to be one of the funniest films I've ever seen, a complete riot from beginning to end. As a true `mockumentary' every scene is shot pretty much adlib and you can sense the intended on the spot dialog as everyone is being interviewed and or followed around to `document' the Mayflower Dog Show. The film follows a group of dog owners as they get ready to show their little bundles of joy. There's Jennifer Coolidge and Patrick Crenshaw play Leslie and Sherri Ann Ward Cabot (total spoof on the whole Anna Nicole Smith scandal), owners of a prize winning poodle who's won `Best in Show' 2 years straight, and with the help of lesbian handler Christy Cummings (Jane Lynch) hopefully she'll win for a third. Then there's Harlan Pepper (Christopher Guest himself), a southern bloodhound owner who dreams of being a ventriloquist. And there's power comic couple Eugene Levy and Catherine O'Hara who play the Flecks, owners of a terrier, who struggle with Mrs. Flecks long line of previous lovers. There are lovers Stefan Scott (Michael McKean John Michael Higgins) who spoil their Shih Tzu's and each other. But finally we have the star couple of the show, the neurotic Meg and Hamilton Swan (Parker Posey Michael Hitchcock), owners of Beatrice, and beautiful yet disturbed and `negative' Weimaraner who's been traumatized by the sight of this young couple having sex. Their antics, arguments and strange affection to their dog is some of the funniest scenes in the whole film, and their chemistry is pure brilliance. The film brilliantly pokes fun at a sport taken WAY TO SERIOUS, and with Fred Willard as the commentator of the show the film is filled with barrel rolls from start to finish 
In all her 48 movies, Brigitte Bardot never catches public imagination with more effect than she does here. Paradise on earth is just around the corner, she tells us, making the sparks fly off your screen. This edition is the new one, by the way, cleaned up in 2000. You will appreciate its fine use of colors. That really is all there is to say about this movie. But it's enough. More than enough. It is exactly the reason why 'Et Dieu crea la femme' (= And God created woman) is immortal 
Dull, dull, dull. If I could have submitted a review and given ZERO stars I would have. Pointless 
Being a huge fan of Sandra Bullock, I bought this movie thinking it would be fun and cute like her other work. Nope, this movie is garbage. First thing I noticed was that the sound quality is extremely poor which goes along hand in hand with the poor camera angles and shoots. The acting is very bad and the story line is simply ridiculous. Over all, it's not a movie worth buying. 
next friday was so much better than the first one. with much more funnier scenes. and this movie is reccommended for everyone 
These are old Disney shows from 2 series. I saw then on the late-night "Vault Disney" series. They were well done and interesting. The only problem is that this DVD is only a few (6 total) of the 18 shows. So although I would rate the shows as a 4 or 5, this release gets 1 star for being incomplete. Save your money for if and when the whole series comes out 
There simply is no more controversial architect in the world today than Frank Gehry and people have very strong opinions about his work. He has both his passionate lovers and haters. I am one of the very few who is somewhat in the middle. I really love some of his work, while I find some of his work to be quite off putting. The person in the film who probably got it better than anyone is a sympathizer of Gehry's work, art critic Claude Jencks (the person who popularized the term "postmodern"). Jencks, for whose deceased wife Gehry designed a memorial building, states bluntly that Gehry has made some ugly buildings. I think with Gehry more than most architects, one must give oneself the freedom to hate or love his individual buildings without inhibition. Whatever else one may say about Gehry, he isn't like other architects. One reviewer below called this a "puff piece," but that isn't really correct. It is more correct to call it a conversation with a friend. Gehry asked his close friend, the mainstream director Sydney Pollack, to make a documentary of his work. The result is a fine portrait of Gehry's career. Pollack certainly does not criticize his work, but interestingly he does not over praise it either. They do call attention to the fact that many simply don't like his work and the film contains numerous excerpts from one of Gehry's more vociferous and respected critics, Hal Foster. But the point of the film is not to provide an objective and critical overview of Frank Gehry's work. The point is to get to know Frank Gehry and some of his ideas about architecture. In this the film succeeds marvelously. If one watches a number of documentaries about architects, one thing that is striking is how many of them are enormously likable individuals. For every irascible Frank Lloyd Wright there are ten you'd love to sit down and have a beer with. Much like I. M. Pei, Frank Gehry comes across as an immensely likable guy in this film. Perhaps away from his friend's camera he is an implacable tyrant, but those qualities, if they exist, are not apparent here. Instead, he comes across as a genuinely nice guy. In fact, a couple of the individuals interviewed stress that as laid back as Gehry is, he really does have an ego. I don't think I've ever heard a person in the creative field have anyone insist that appearance aside, they really do have an ego. In the vast majority of cases, that is all too apparent. I found it interesting to see the shots of Gehry and either of his design partners working with him on designs. If you are accustomed to think of architecture as akin to drafting, watching Gehry work is a bit of a shock. He doesn't design so much as sculpt. He and his partners look like a couple of extremely mature kindergartners with scissors and paper as they cut, bend, shape, snip, and play with variations on the model they are struggling with. There is apparently little or no concern with the particular materials to be used. He seems rather to struggle with the kind of overall shape, with the assumption that with today's materials any kind of design can be turned into a reality. The film really brings out how Gehry's own conception of architecture is much closer to sculpture than to engineering. As a resident of Chicago, a city noted for his importance to twentieth century architecture, it has been amazing to realize how little of his work has been done here. In fact, apart from his controversial (what else?) work in Millennium Park, I'm not aware of anything else he has done here. As a result, I have less direct experience with Gehry's work than many other leading architects. I must confess that much of what I see appears to be fascinating. I would, for instance, absolutely love to see his Bilbao museum. But there is one aspect to Gehry's work that I really applaud: its emphasis on individualism. One criticism of much architecture has been its essential conservativism. Much of it espouses nonegalitarian and conformist values. One sees exceptions, such as Louis Sullivan's refusal to put box seats in his Chicago Auditorium design. If one looks at a Gehry design, it is hard to imagine it ever becoming the style of choice of a repressionistic, totalitarian regime. It is too individualistic, too anarchic for that. Even such a free spirit as Louis Kahn still designed the capitol of Bangladesh. But it is simply impossible to imagine Frank Gehry designing a capitol. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. I came away from it with a greater liking for Frank Gehry as a person than I had anticipated. And perhaps I will in the future be more inclined to appreciate his designs. He may not be the greatest of our architects, but he certainly is one of our more likable free spirits 
Plot of this one is not guide as stand out as the first rush hourm is a been more complex and sometime non sense, but it turn out funny because of that, comedy scene here won't be as class as the first, but they did add alot hk style in here one which first one is lacking, great cast in this set, however still lacking at some element of worthy 5 star, so i hoped the third one will be best in the series 
not as good as the first one and pretty forgetable....it has none of the "living comic book" charm that I loved in the first one. that and there are only three stories and more animation. only the blob in the water one was worth watching. If you see it, watch for the joint that the blonde guy pulls out of nowhere after swimming to the raft in a speedo! funny. Romero and King seemed to not be as enthused as they were when making the first one. I just didnt like it...skip it and get the first one 
To be honest with you I thought the movie was really bad. the acting was ok but the only good part about the movie was that ricky (Rodney Eastman) was in the movie. (for about 5 mins) but i would not suggest renting this movie and waisting 4 dollars 
The premise - that one could change specific events in ones' past through psychic concentration - could have been the foundation for a fascinating thriller. I don't condemn the film's corollary either: that each change produces new, unforseeable tragedies. It's the way the story is told - its ham-fisted dialogue and plot, its forced obscenity at every turn - that reveals its teen sensibilities. It is therefore fitting that the director's preferred ending is included here. It is the perfect catharsis for teens who "...wish I was never born! 
9 to 5 was the first film to address the glass ceiling. It takes a look at the workplace from a woman's view. We first meet Violet (Lily Tomlin) who has been working for Consolidated Companies for 12 years and has been overlooked for most of them. She trained her current boss and has the bruises to prove it. Judy (Jane Fonda) is the new girl in the office. She is a divorcee (he left her for his secretary) and has never worked for a living. Rounding out the heroines is Doralee (Dolly Parton in the film debut). She is the personal secretary of Franklin Hart (Dabney Coleman) and everyone thinks she is "banging the boss". But the fun starts when Violet is passed over for a promotion to a man she helped train. She then blurts out that Hart has been spreading rumors that he's been having an affair with Doralee. And an employee is fired for a small infraction. This sends the three women to the local bar to drown their sorrows and they bond. Each comes up with their fantasy way of killing the boss. Judy is a big game hunter with Hart as the prey. Doralee plays role reversal and Hart ends up on a rotisserie spit. But Violet wants it to be like a fairy tale where she is Snow White and the wicked witch and poisons Hart. The next day, Violet accidentally poisons Hart's coffee. When falls out of his chair and is knock unconscious, Violet thinks she killed him. This leads to an all out comedy chase with Violet steals the wrong corpse. The next day to the ladies surprise, Hart shows up. The ladies regroup in the restroom but Roz overhears them and reports it to Hart. Hart confronts the ladies but they wind up kidnapping him to find some incriminating evidence. The find something but it is going to take some time to get the evidence. Over the next six weeks the ladies run the office in Hart's absence. Hart escapes but the ladies changes have brought notice and Hart is not above taking someone else's glory. The subject matter here is very serious. So to do it as a comedy is very daring and it works perfectly. This is a film that many people identify with. Everyone has had a boss or a teacher that oppressed them. And this film is what we all would like to do to these oppressors. You will laugh until it hurts. DVD EXTRAS: Commentary by producer Bruce Gilbert and stars Lily, Jane and Dolly 9 to 5 @ 25 - a 25 minute featurette with interviews with Gilbert, writer director Colin Higgins and stars Lily. Jane, Dolly and Dabney Coleman. Deleted Scenes - 10 mostly expanded scenes or alternate takes. The problem is without some kind of commentary we do not know why the scene was cut. 
This is a very slow movie and it seems more like a documental about war, geopolitics and weapons trade. There is almost no dialogues 
I actually had this on my shelf for 2 or 3 years. I tried to watch it a time or 2 and just could not get past the first 10 or 15 minutes. I was finally in the mood to watch it the other night. Let me say I am a big fan of Ashley Judd and I have loved every movie I have seen her in. She did a great job, as always, just poor script writing. It leaves a lot of questions unanswered, such as how he always manages to keep one step ahead of her in order to place cameras in her hotel rooms, etc. This fellow was so obsessed and in the end what was the point? I may have to watch it again in a few more years just to see if there is something I missed... 
The premier American cinematic drama is the western, and this collection brings together some bona fide classics from the golden age of westerns. This set comes with twelve discs each packaged in a cardboard slipcase with brief descriptions of the plot, every disc is double sided and contains two films on each side. There aren't any extras aside from a limited amount of scene selections. It's true that the majority of these are b-films, and some are unintentionally hilarious to view today. There are some definite classics (McClintock, Under California Stars) along with plenty of simply enjoyable films. Just a note, there are a few mistakes. For example, "The Santa Fe Trail" included on this set is *not* the 1930 Richard Arlen version. It's the 1940s Errol Flynn, Olivia Haviland version - which I personally feel is superior anyway. Also, some films were taken either directly from television (you'll see a IN STEREO flash across the screen when you play the film) or didn't transfer very well (slight distortions in video or audio) - but considering the age of these movies and the cheap price tag this is an amazing deal! 
In essence, this is a Texas Chainsaw remake, but here's the difference, and why it's far inferior. I don't care one iota for the "victims." I can barely tell the females apart. The guys are so obnoxious, I look forward to them dying. Unlike Texas Chainsaw (parts one and two, horror masterpieces!), this movie shows the "psycho family" (hmmm... kind of like Texas Chainsaw?) far too much. A little goes a long way, too much? OVERKILL! Many plot holes, and take away the music, there was some really bad acting. It gets two stars for the cool middle inserts in funky film style, and also the one great sequence where the cops are killed. But in general, Rob Zombie should not get writing credit for this. It's Texas Chainsaw Massacre, only nowhere near as good 
i love all the rockford file's. and this collection is very good, i cant wait till the third season comes ou 
Being a fan of Cesar, I expected something new and informative. This DVD is nothing more than a bunch of selected episodes from his series. So, if you already have his episodes on DVD, don't buy this, unless you want the aggression-specific episodes on one disk 
i saw this show on PBS and was so enthralled with it that i just had to order it. the performances are priceless from folks who have passed on. i don't know of any other way to be able to see Yul Brynner's commanding King and I performance. Loved it 
In the same way he was able to extract a searing performance from Andy Griffith in 1957's "A Face in the Crowd", master director Elia Kazan gets similarly stellar results from Natalie Wood in this classic 1961 melodrama about youthful sexual repression in rural 1920's Kansas. In the same year as her Maria in "West Side Story", she has never been more affecting then she is here as Deanie Loomis, the local butcher's daughter deeply in love with Bud Stamper, the son of an oil scion and the high school football hero. They are the senior sweethearts everyone expects to marry, but both have to battle constantly with their sexual longing and their grasping parents. The ruling moral code restricts Deanie more than Bud who ends up cavorting with a good-time girl named Juanita. The indiscretion overwhelms Deanie who attempts suicide and ends up in a sanitarium for her fragile mental state. A few years later with their lives on divergent paths, they meet again to come to terms with each other. While the whole film is beautifully executed thanks to Kazan's sure hand and William Inge's screenplay (his first directly for the screen), it's the last fifteen minutes that really resonate with the characters expressing their emotions with a minimum of dialogue. Otherwise, there are plenty of heated moments of melodrama along with soap opera elements familiar to anyone who has seen 1955's "Picnic" based on Inge's successful Broadway play. At her most beautiful, Wood is wondrous as she moves fluidly from innocently infatuated to obsessive to resigned. As the none-too-bright Bud, Warren Beatty is charismatic in his film debut and makes Deanie's powerful fixation completely understandable. There are several standout performances among the supporting cast with Audrey Christie pitch-perfect as Deanie's unsympathetic mother, Pat Hingle in blowhard mode as Bud's power-hungry father, and Zohra Lampert as Angie, the self-effacing waitress Bud meets at Yale. The classic Wordsworth poem from which the film's title is derived makes a fitting coda for this movie, and I still feel the intractable sense of longing in the two lead characters every time I see this movie. The 2001 DVD unfortunately has no extras 
DURING A MISSING PERSONS INVESTIGATION, A COP [SAMUEL L. JACKSON] GETS KIDNAPPED BY A GANG OF THIEVES. MEANWHILE, AN ELABORATE BANK ROBBERY IS ABOUT TO GO DOWN. OF COURSE, SAMUEL DOES GREAT AS ALWAYS, BUT THE SCRIPT AND ESPECIALLY THE VERY SLOW PACE BRINGS IT DOWN. WHAT SOUNDED LIKE A GOOD MOVIE TURNED OUT TO BE A DISSAPOINTMENT. FAR FROM BEING THE WORST MOVIE YOU CAN RENT, BUT, IT'S JUST NOT AS GOOD AS IT SOUNDS. MAYBE NEXT TIME, THEY WON'T TAKE ALL DAY TO GET STARTED 
The boys take the stage on their hometown for a "silver" anniversary concert and pull out all the stops. Guest stars abound along with a host of other musicians add to the celebration and the crowd was indeed rabid. All the songs are represented here that CT fans expect and are delivered with verve. All band members are represented here, and even former bassist Jon Brandt joins in for his album cuts. The DVD offers up a nice selection of extras including Rick Nielson hamming it up for the camera off stage (and on stage of course). Cheap Trick wails and all is right in the world. Now for the negatives from this release. Sound is just okay, after some heavy EQ work I was able to get a very good sound from my Sony 5.1 system, but camera work is indeed lacking. Cameras used for long shots had badly overexposed pictures much of the time and many of the handheld shots were in wrong position, but that may have been an editing problem. All in all I give the performance 5-stars and production 3 stars (a very generous 3-stars). 
The first half hour of this 90 minute movie is actually quite good. In fact, it is enthralling and has an interesting twist in that we don't know the real fact behind whether a young woman was violated by her boyfriend while unconscious. According to the rumor (the rumor being a school experiment conducted by three roommates) she was, however, but we the audience don't know that. However, the young woman is quick to think she has been raped. Why there is no attempt at a physical exam, is unexplained, especially since the young woman involved has the reputation of being a professional virgin, however it turns out she isn't, so that's why the movie lasts longer than 30 minutes. Fortunately, we're not dealing with unwanted pregnancies, either, so this doesn't turn into a soap opera. However, we do have the dreamboat "hero" who dreams up the rumor about her being raped, and who exhibits unlikeable traits throughout. But that's true of the three leads - the roommates are all unlikeable, being insufferably full of themselves. The last half of the film, 'dreamboat' takes the turn as lead character, and it's his story we're following, whereas his female roommate had the first half of the film, and basically it's her introduction to the audience of all the characters. Turns out 'dreamboat' and the young woman victim have a history together; which means issues they have to work out, and everyone else (in a way, the entire student body and its faculty and local law enforcement) is sucked into their story and mutual thirst for truth, though the characters don't have the same truth in mind - it's about vengeance; not justice. And vengeance when it's not the comic book variety, isn't fun for an audience, it's just distasteful. In other words, the man and woman should have been shut up together in a room so they could have worked it out for themselves, and left the rest of us alone. So from a brilliant first half-hour - and btw how does the roommate penniless art student have the dollars for all that tech equipment? - we degenerate into a constantly weaving pattern of lies and deceptions that seems more pointless than clever. There is merely too much story, so it becomes ridiculous. A basically good premise is ruined. If you are a fan of any of the stars involved, it might be worth viewing, if only once, but the film as a whole will probably leave a vile taste in your mouth. Perhaps that's the ultimate message on a film about the dangers of spreading GOSSIP, or in this case deliberate lies, is that what goes around comes around, and also it will leave you feeling sick to your stomach. I almost recommend you watch the first 30-45 min then quit midway, but anyone will watch all the way thru at least once, just to be sure where this is headed 
This movie was quite honestly one of the worst movies I have ever seen. As a huge Colin Firth fan originally from a small town in Vermont, I thought that no matter what I had heard about the film I would enjoy it. Unfortunately, I was wrong. The main problem of the film was characterization. There were oftentimes no motivations or explanations whatsoever for the character's actions. One minute, the small town girl played by Heather Graham is working at a nursing home, then she's downing alcohol, then she's jumping around naked for absolutely no apparent reason (in fact, she doesn't even seem drunk), and all this entices the character Colin Firth to jump into bed with her. I think the Heather Graham character is supposed to be quirky, but because of the script and the way the film is cut, she comes off as schitsophrenic and unlikable. Then suddenly they are in a serious relationship which Colin dives into wholeheartedly even though he is supposed to be recovering from a breakup with his fiance (and this is no rebound relationship). Basically, the movie continues along this vein, with Minnie Driver showing up as the dark-haired British ex-fiance who you can't see ever having had a relationship with Colin (both actors are better in the much superior movie Circle of Friends). In any case, there are many more unexplained actions and wierd breakups/get back togethers before the movie thankfully ends. Additionally, the setting is completely misused, beginning with the sign that says more than 18,000 people live in Hope. In New England, that does not classify as a small town. They could have used the autumn setting and American-ness of the people as restorative to the Colin character. The suggestion of that is there, but it is never demonstrated - instead, they go to a spot that is supposed to be nice and the Heather Graham character downs a bottle of booze, and Colin Firth's character has no real explanation or feeling in his portraits of the town's people. Although the hotel owners are fun, if unrealistic, the mayor has been written as if he were a cartoon character. Finally, I don't neccessarily blame the actors for this awful movie, with the wierd cutting, it may have seemed like a good idea at the time. I think Colin Firth does his best at being an ambigious, but still likeable guy. Heather Graham, aside from not coming off as a small town girl at all, has absolutely nothing to work with, so you can't even blame her for the horrendous character she has. And everyone else, including Minnie Driver, is a complete caricature, although Minnie Driver incites some of the few amusing moments in the film. I feel bad to judge this movie so harshly, but it is unneccessarily bad, and I had been hoping for something at least fun. These actors all have much better movies out there. 
I loved watching this when I was younger and my daughter loves it now. I actually bought this because she wanted it for her 10th birthday 
Don't be fooled by stupid commercials that make this movie look inappropriate or like soap operas. This movie is awsome and not at all about the guys chasing the girls, inappropriate behavior, or anything. It's definitely worth seeing and watching again. Great movie 
PBS did an outstanding job in putting this documentary together. It covers his entire life and career and includes scenes from some of his lesser known and much more difficult to find films. The documentary includes many interview pieces with Kurosawa himself which gives you some added insight into what the man was really like. Also, there are comments from noted Japanese film historian Donald Richie. As a Kurosawa fan watching this on PBS when it aired, the hour and forty five minutes seemed like about half an hour. It is an excellent documentary about perhaps the greatest director of the twentieth century 
Whatever possessed Jessica Lange to appear in this mess will never be known. The payoff at the end is a huge disappointment. Jessica Lange tries hard to bring the material up to her level but the script does her in. Gwyneth Paltrow is unbelievably bad. But I think this is not their fault. The screenplay and direction could have been better. This could have been a very good movie along the lines of "Misery" or "Fatal Attraction" but it fails in every department. As I said, the payoff at the end is a real disappointment. This film is a waste of time and money. Stay away from it! 
There is a pattern in Hollywood when it comes to drama/revenge films such as Eye for an Eye. It is an extremely simple pattern that is regenerated time and time again because audiences like to not be surprised. They are prepared for the bad guy to die at the end, whilst the victim or top-billed actor/actress comes out as the hero at the end. It is meant to give us a sense of security and comfort, but for this critic it is getting old. Eye for an Eye is a perfect example of film that falls deep within that tired genre of film. From the opening credits of this film, you could count the steps that each actor was going to make all the way to the very end. The pauses could be guessed, the lines could have been written the night before, and the acting was nothing short of mediocrity at its best. It was guaranteed that the actors would be overly dramatic, the violins would always shrill around Kiefer, and there would be horrendously underdeveloped plotlines that would lead nowhere. This is your typical revenge film with no excitement, no frills, nothing that would make it stand out from the rest. The late director John Schlesinger played it safe with one of his final films, which will promise to bore and completely not satisfy you to the bitter end. Where did Eye for an Eye go wrong? I don't think I need to count all the ways for you, but some of the bigger issues that I had with this feature was the complete unknown of the characters. I have major issues with stories that escape realism to allow the main character to seem more dramatic. What was Sally Field's job? I know that is a small detail, but it better highlights my complaint that our central family (the McCanns) were not as developed as I would have liked to have seen. I had no clue her daughter had a stutter until two seconds before her death, yet it seemed to be a bigger key element as the film progressed. Ed Harris literally walked through his character, proving that Field's husband could have been played by a plastic bag and still seen the same level of emotion. The only character worth watching, and was developed briefly, was Kiefer. He was 100% evil in this film and it kept this film geek worth watching until the very end. Yet, we didn't even know that much about him either (which upset me). Schlesinger obviously knew the story that he was about to tell with Eye for an Eye very well, the actors I believe even knew the story and they probably didn't even need to read the script, and the story played it safe from the beginning, but it wasn't what I wanted to see. I expected film like this to come out during the 80s, not in 1996. It was pathetic to see name actors like Ed Harris, Sally Field, Phillip Baker Hall, Keith David, and Kiefer Sutherland walk through this film like it was a fly in the pan. Nothing stood out in this film, nothing made me want to rewatch the brutality of it, and nothing made me feel excited about these actors. This was a literal "nothing" film. It lent nothing to the cinematic world except (and I stress this a bit) another peg in a very tired genre known as the "Revenge Thriller". After watching this film I said to my wife that I thought Sally Field was completely overdramatic throughout the course of it, overplaying the small parts and completely exploding the bigger elements, which made me think of a High School drama production. It was amateur at best, but she said that is why directors use Sally, because she is known for being overly dramatic. This is a pure example of a good thing gone badly. Sally saw success with it once, but as she continues it only creates bad cinema. There were times during Sally's bigger speeches that I found myself laughing. I couldn't help myself, but her focus on certain words and clich reaction to others just seemed cardboard instead of lifelike. The same could be said for Ed Harris who obviously has discovered that he doesn't have to play the outlaying father any further in films. He was completely wasted in this film. Was there any emotion with him? I didn't see any. Then there was the pitiful contribution by Hall and David that begin with intrigue, but were dropped faster than a big ole sack of potatoes. Also, did Mantegna take a class on how to be a one-dimensional clich? Urg, his portrayal of the police office was a disgrace to those that genuinely play one-dimensional police officers. Again, the only actor worth watching was Kiefer because he not only spoke with evil, but demonstrated that he was capable of anything vile. It was his sole performance that made this film decent to watch to the end. If I have to talk about the story I think I am just going to go mad myself. Field over dramatized the entire film, thus creating uncertainty amongst the viewer. Did Kiefer get a bad image because he was bad or because Field wanted to see him as evil? That could have been a great avenue for this film to travel, but alas, ole safe Schlesinger didn't take us down that darker path. I needed more to develop what Hall and David were doing at the support groups, but it seemed like that story was dropped rather quickly as the ending needed to be wrapped up gently in a comfort blanket for viewers. This was yet another dark avenue that was not explored. I felt as if I saw these dark avenues with the director and the cast, yet we chose to stay on the lighted path. That, coupled with the poor acting, just created a film that didn't catch my attention and fully contributed nothing to the cinematic world. Overall, in case it wasn't obvious, this wasn't a good movie at all. In fact, I could go through the rest of my life without thinking of this movie again. I thought only horror movies had the stated Scream rules and somehow could stick to the same tired pattern over and over again, but with Eye for an Eye it became obvious that it the "Revenge Thrill" fell into that same pattern. The only trouble is that horror films actually have fun with that repetitive structure, this film did not. Sally Field was horrible and should really consider a strong independent film to bring her back to the spotlight, while everyone else was forgettable. The only fun part was watching Jack Bauer play the epitome of evil. Watch this film for Kiefer, but nothing else. Skip it! Grade: * out of **** 
Antonio Banderas plays a rich coffee magnate who is so stupid you can't believe he ever got wealthy when he's running around giving money freely to a woman (Angelina Jolie) who lied to him from the moment they met. She didn't want him to be blinded by a pretty girl, so she sent a photo of the girl he was actually supposed to marry. Well, we never get to see the pretty girl, because Jolie must have killed her too. The only reason this woman is "hot" is because she'll take her clothes off and have sex with anybody (if you've seen Gia, you'll know what I mean). Neither she or Banderas (who isn't a very good actor either and seems intent on overembellishing his accent) have any chemistry, and you wonder what he keeps forgiving her for when he catches up to her. My guess? The age old weakness most straight guys have for bad girls in bed, and all the sex in this movie gets old fast. It's so stupid, because nobody has interludes like that unless they're shooting a blue movie. The only blue here is the shade you will turn by the boredom with the weak plot. You can see right through this silly waste of two hours you'll never get back: this adaptation from Waltz into Darkness was remade especially for the purpose of exploiting two celebrities with highly sensual images and nothing more. This movie is as bad as Showgirls and one star less than Beyond the Valley of the Dolls, because at least Beyond is badly funny in an entertaining way. Not only is their relationship devoid of any true sense of love, but you also get this overwhelming desire to see creepy, unconvincing Billy (played horribly by Thomas Jane) get the girl. Billy? What a stupid name for a bad guy, but I guess it wouldn't make a difference even if his name was Ralph or Percival. Early on in the movie, the so-called beauty Julia/Bonnie/I forget what else--wants to see a really bad theater group, and a friend of theirs comments on what a cheap mellowdrama is being presented. My thoughts about Original Sin exactly. The plot is stupid, and the dialogue is so bad it's over the top. In the end, the movie makes absolutely no sense, and you wish you would get a payoff, but you don't. The rat poison doesn't do its job, and neither does the executioner. All I really am sure of is that, with all the rape scenes that Jolie's horrible character seems to enjoy and her portrayal of a woman who's asking for it constantly, that women should find this movie grossly offensive and degrading to our gender, and I'm not even a feminist! As for studmuffin Banderas? He really has no business in front of a camera because his acting scope is on par with the little boy who was in Problem Child with John Ritter. However, he is a good director (Crazy in Alabama). Heed my advice and avoid Original Sin; the two hours you waste on it will be unforgivable. 
I have been a long-time radiohead fan and, like many others, have been waiting patiently for a live DVD. So I was thrilled to find out they released one and immediately bought it without even looking at the setlist. It never occurred to me that they would release material that is nearly 10 years old! I couldn't help being disappointed when I watched this DVD. The constantly changing camera angles and general lack of concern for the song itself make this unpleasant to watch. In fact, I only watched it once and it has since been gathering dust. I know I would have enjoyed it much more had it come out when the songs were still in their prime. I've always that Radiohead was modern, progressive, and totally innovative. I appreciate their old music but they have come a long way since pablo honey... and it doesn't help that before every song, Thom mutters "this is a new one." 
I'll be right up front and admit that I do not own this DVD. I hesitated writing a review for it because of that fact. But then I realized that if you're reviewing a DVD, 90% of the review must be based on the movie itself, and having saw the movie when it was released, and having seen it again on the various cable channels, I felt I could write a respectable reveiw. Frankly, the movie barely approaches a "B-Movie" status. It's only claim to fame is that it was the first major Hollywood motion picture that did not portray homosexuals in a bad light. The plot is rather unbelievable, naming the fact that all three main characters are leaders in their field.... successful author, high-ranking network producer, top-rate doctor. Nobody has a profession, or is in a position, with which the audience can relate. The dialog is forced and, at times, rather cliche. Acting is acceptable, though supporting cast members are rather amateurish. Direction is functional, at best. One glaring problem is the tendency for the movie to suddenly switch from drama to documentary. After or before key scenes, the camera cuts to a monologue from one of the main characters. The effect is startling, doesn't advance the story, and only serves to distract the viewers and lessen the already-weak emotional impact of the film. To its credit, the actors did whole-heartedly portray gay characters and gay love scenes. At the time, gay characters were never portrayed in a positive light from the media, and it was a great risk to do so here. There were no previous movie experiences of this topic that the director and actors were able to draw on, and they did the best they could. It was a very ambitious project and was supposed to be ground-breaking and revolutionary, but the weaknesses in the film never raised it high enough to truly make much of a difference in society. This is absolutely proven by the fact that Brokeback Mountain, released about two decades later, had to work very hard to break the same stereotypes that Making Love previously attempted to break. The difference is that Brokeback Mountain was a true work of art impeccable in its execution and actually broke ground and stereotypes, and Making Love all but disappeared in the annals of time. If you're a collector of good film, this really wouldn't be part of your collection. To add into a collection of films showing early portrayals of homosexuals and homosexual relationships, it would be very appropriate. Sadly, it really is good for only that one reason, as part of a collection of gay films throughout the years 
The first half of this film is the most accurate portrayal of USMC boot camp I have ever seen, outside of actually being there. I've read that R. Lee Emery, who played the senior drill instructor, was initially hired to coach other actors for the role. But he did such a perfect job himself that Stanley Kubrick hired him for the job. If the film had ended after the first half alone, it would have been phenomenal. The second half of the film portrays the same boot camp Marines from the first half who are now in Viet Nam. The tone and the setting are much different as the men engage in a number of battle situations, including a fairly gruesome scene with a female sniper. Where the first half of this film is almost comical at times, the second half is much more serious and grave. Overall, this is a serious and engaging movie that brilliantly describes military experiences on and off the battlefield 
I don't think so, be it in the jungle, a New York high rise or at sea. Hepburn Tracy were great, no argument. But they were so modern urbane, not rowdy sexy, always fighting like Harlow Gable. China Seas is a fine example of this chemistry. Yeah, its a pretty good story too. Gable is Capt. Gaskell, skipper of a passenger/merchant ship running from Hong Kong to Singapore. Harlow is the floozie, Dolly, he had a fling with on shore. The ship is carrying gold. There is a terrific typhoon, a pirate raid in which the ship is seized for a while. They torture the Captain, but he doesn't reveal where the gold is. Dolly is mixed up in a conspiracy with a crewman, Wallace Berry, against the Captain because she is mad at him. She of course changes her mind. The Captain is trying to ditch Dolly thinks he's meant for Lady Sybil, played by Rosalind Russell, an old flame. But he Dolly really are in love. Unfortunately the collaborations between Harlow Gable was cut short at five movies with Harlow untimely early death several years later. 
Delmer Daves' mediocre direction of the sequel to the equally pathetic film "The Robe" starring Richard Burton. A totally contrived film that demonstrates no competence in either screenplay, direction, acting, or historical accuracy of any sort. Avoid at all costs unless you're expecting to see it as a comedy. Compared to Kubrik's incredible direction for 'Spartacus' a few years later, the gladiatorial scenes in this film are second rate. Even the low budget film 'Barabas' with Anthony Quinn had better direction than this worthless film. The screenplay is contrived, the script is worthless, and the acting utterly shallow from everyone on this film: at least 'The Robe' had Richard Burton. Victor Mature continues to act as if he just came out of a cocktail lounge after a few martinis too many. Jay Robinson continues his idiotic and ridiculous performance of Caligula as if the character were a retarded bufoon instead of the diabolical genius of cruelty and perversion (See Hurt's performance in the BBC's 'I, Claudius' to see how a good actor handles this character.) In short, reading the New Testament or going to a church sermon is far more entertaining and historically faithful than watching this garbage film. Just the fact that Victor 'Manure' is in this film says it all. Ignore this pathetic film and watch 'Spartacus', 'Barabas', or even the fantasized 'Gladiator' for some good Gladiatorial films. As for Biblical films, 'Ben Hur', 'The Ten Commandments' or 'Quo Vadis' are films that are worth watching much more than this putrid Hollywood junk. 
Every film in this collection is a gem. Annie Hall and Manhattan are both top notch, followed by Bananas, Everything you wanted to Know about Sex, Sleeper...heck, even Interiors was such a radical departure its worth seeing at least once or twice. But to me the real diamonds in the rough of this set are Stardust Memories and Love and Death. These two films are probably Woody's least talked about, but really, I think they are both fantastic films. Love and Death is full of the witty one liners and pratfalls that were prevelant in his earlier, funnier works... but you can see in the dialogue of Love and Death that Woody was maturing. And Stardust Memories, my favorite Woody film. This film says so much for anyone who fancies themselves an artist who is trying to figure out what they want to say...and how to say it. Maybe my one beef is the lack of extras on these DVD's... but for the money, you can't beat the price of this set 
Tim Burton's "Ed Wood," a surreal bio-pic is one of the most entertaining, inspiring, and funny bio-pics I've seen. No wonder really since it's directed by one of the best directors around and written by two of the best bio-pic writers Scott Alexander Larry Karaszewski (who, after this film, would pen the Larry Flynt bio-pic "The People Vs. Larry Flynt" and the Andy Kaufman bio-pic "Man on the Moon"). It's also got an amazing cast of actors, including Oscar nominee Johnny Depp (Best Actor, 'Finding Neverland'), Oscar winner Martin Landau (Best Supporting Actor, 'Ed Wood'), Sarah Jessica Parker ('Failure to Launch'), Patricia Arquette ('True Romance'), Jeffrey Jones ('Deadwood'), and Oscar nominee Bill Murray (Best Actor, 'Lost in Translation'). Depp plays Edward D. Wood Jr., an aspiring filmmaker who's down on his luck and lives with his girlfriend Dolores Fuller (Parker). After hearing about a film being made about a transsexual, without a script, Ed pens a script called "Glen or Glenda." The movie is kind of close to Ed's heart, because Ed likes to dress in woman's clothes. But he's not gay. While walking past a shop that sells coffins Ed meets the actor Bela Lugosi (Landau), who played Dracula in the classic Universal film and recruits him to star in the Glen or Glenda film. The movie immediately bombs and is called one of the worst films ever made. Not letting it get him down, Ed goes to work on his next film "Bride of the Atom." After a few more films and meeting a few new people, including wrestler Tor Johnson (George "The Animal" Steele), TV personality Vampira (Lisa Marie), and psychic Criswell (Jones); Ed goes on to make his masterpiece "Plan 9 From Outer Space." The latter is the only film I've ever seen by Ed Wood. While the movie has been called the worst film ever made, it wasn't bad. It's campy and stupid; You can definitely see why it would be considered bad back then, but it was entertaining and fun to watch. Ed Wood was an interesting, and quirky, guy...Which Tim Burton makes perfectly clear here and Depp does a great job bringing Wood to life. Martin Landau gives his finest performance as Bela Lugosi, he disappears behind the persona. He looks and sounds like Lugosi. Another thing I liked about the film was that it shows us the bright time in Ed Wood's life, through his first film to his "masterpiece." We hear the downside of his life through the epilogue. This movie is, in the end, a loving tribute to "B" movies that is over-the-top yet perfect. As I said, the movie is very funny. Especially, Landau who gets some of the best lines as Lugosi. Bill Murray co-stars as Ed's transsexual friend Bunny. GRADE: A- 
I hope I can give a fair rating here, but as one member who loves to watch LDS films of all types, this one is a big let-down. I normally will sit through any movie to see if it gets good. This one was just overkill that was not even funny. I initially sqeezed a few laughs out in the beginning but then it looked like "nursury" comedy if you know what I mean. I turned it off after the whole overdrawn toilet scene with the wedding-gown-infomercial-in-a-movie 
I bought this DVD because it was listed as an IMAX title, but it is also 3D if you buy the special glasses from the manufacturer(regular 3D glasses dont work with this title). The quality of the graphics are terrific, the plot is a little strange, but basically its aliens who invade and ride 4 virtual roller coasters at a futuristic theme park. The rides are pretty good and the concept and setting behind each coaster is unique. My kids love this DVD, and its worth the price! (Buy it from the new used section and you can get it for around $3.50 plus shipping 
There's lots of passion in Wide Sargasso Sea THE BOOK, but it's mostly emotional. It's an extremely multi-layered novel and the work of a true master. The film on the other hand is just your classic, bad 1990s film, beautiful to look at, with lots of skin, languid copulation, heaving bosoms, bodice-ripping nonsense, etc and next to no substance. It has no artistic integrity whatsoever, as its shameless makers must surely know they lifted their middle finger at the spirit of the Jean Rhys novel when choosing to make the film the way they did. I was unable to feel empathy for both the lead character. The much touted erotic scenes were not developed to what they lead to believe, and it also lacked much enthusiasm. They were incomplete and contributed little, if anything, to the plot. The viewer only gets a glimpse of the passion that supposedly exists between Edward and Antoinette. Therefore, they should have either gone all the way, tastefully (no pun intended), or have left those scenes out entirely. Now with regards to the plot of this film there were enormous holes, which perhaps could be rectified by reading the book. But for those who haven't read the book, there should be enough information in the film itself to keep the reader afloat. From the start it was unclear what was really going on with this family (despite the narration). Why did the ex-slaves keep laughing? (Something vaguely explained in the movie, though apparently fully explained in the book). Why didn't the parrot fly away? What made the mother go nuts? At no point in the movie were Mr. Rochester's "issues", as it were, fully explained. The man gets a letter exposing his wife as a Creole and dumps her like a hot potato, after (as Christophene explains) he was the one who came crawling to her in the first place. What a hypocrite. Again, maybe this is the ultimate point, that Mr. Rochester is a snob and the archetypical Victorian Englishman and that Antoinette is the victim of both his prejudice and that of the Jamaicans. But none of that exonerates the appallingly abrupt conclusion to the film. So, despite the beautiful cinematography, this movie is a hopeless muddle. I'd highly recommend the novel by the way: a book you don't forget in a hurry. Needless to say I think you should give this insulting (to the memory of Jean Rhys) film a miss, especially if you've read the novel: it'll just frustrate you, no matter how keen on a bit of easy titillation you may be feeling at the time. 
Eraser has a few scenes that will keep your attention, but overall the movie displayed poor acting, stunts that are impossible and a mediocre plot. This movie possibly will be owned by many, but remembered by few. James Caan was the only talent that Eraser has to offer. Sorry guys, my wife bought it, I watched it, gave it away and divorced her 
First off I agree with the warning to not watch the trailer first because it does give away the first set up in the movie. When Denise Richards sees Matt Dillion and his student having a water fight os such and says something like, "Is this just a game for the boys, or can anyone play?" She looks so sweet and hot that it's hard to imagine her getting rough and tough just a while later. However she pulls ift off pretty well. In fact they all pulle their rolls off pretty well. I couldn't understand why Kevin Bacon seemed a bit stiffer than usual, but that was actually pretty good acting....I can't really say much more about why without giving too much of a hint at one of the twists, but it's interesting when you step back and see what he was actually doing. I give it 5 stars because it's both fun and funny, and of course very hot at times. Well worth a look... 
WM 2000 HAD 2 GREAT MATCHES WITCH WERE THE TRANGLE LADDER MATCH AND THE FATAL 4 WAY MATCH FOR THE WWE CHAMPIONSHIP. WM 17S BEST MATCHES WERE CHRIS BENOIT VS KURT ANGLE,VINCE MCHMAHN VS SHANE MCHMAHN IN A STREET FIGHT,THE TLC MATCH,UNDERTAKER VS HHH,AND THE MAIN EVENT THE ROCK VS STONE COLD FOR THE WWE CHAMPIONSHIP. MATCH OF THE NIGHT FOR WM 18 WAS THE ROCK VS HULK HOGAN. WM 19 HAD 4 GREAT MATCHES AND THEY WERE SHAWN MICHELS VS CHRIS JHERICO,HULK HOGAN VS VINCE MCHMAHN IN A STREET FIGHT,THE ROCK VS STONE COLD, AND BROCK LESNER VS KURT ANGLE FOR THE WWE CHAMPIONSHIP. AND WM 20S BEST MATCHES WERE EDDIE GUERRO VS KURT ANGLE AND CHRIS BENOIT VS SHAWN MICHELS VS HHH. BUY THIS!!! 
A dull dull movie that perpetuates stereotypes of latinos in the US and abroad. I was very bored with this movie and found the plot to be very insulting. I enjoyed seeing some of my favorite latino actors and performers on the big screen, but for a somewhat mainstreamed movie that one can buy in target, I think it's just a shame. The whole cast was pretty much of Latin America origin, but that did not do much to glorify latinos as capable and deserving actors on the spotlight. The plot and dialogue dehumanizies and insults many. 
I had to replace my video with this DVD version. This movie is spectacular--beautiful photography, excellent acting, and most importantly a tremendous comment on the social restrictions placed on women of the time. It is based on the true life of one of the first commissioned female artists in Europe. Artemesia, whose father is an artist, is forbidden to draw or paint the human body. Her efforts to do so lead her into difficulties. Her father is supportive but even he must fight the social structure--especially when trying to get her into the male-only art school. He finally gets her apprenticed to another talented artist and is devastated when he finds they have engaged in an "unlawful" relationship. He files rape charges and everyone suffers. A brilliant social commentary 
Paul Newman plays a burned-out private eye and Gene Hackman and Susan Sarandon are a movie-star couple with a long-buried dark secret. Too implausible, too many overdrawn secondary characters. A rental at best 
This is the worst Asian movie that I have ever seen. The story is dumb and doesn't make any sense, especially the ending. And to top it off it isn't that scary - it only gets a little bit scary at the end. My recommendation: Don't get this movie. It is also too expensive. It you want to watch a good Asian horror movie, I have lots of recommendations. Wishing Stairs is pretty good. Koma is an excellent movie. A Tale of Two Sisters is pretty good. Good luck 
This show is so boring all it's about is poltics. What was HBO thinking having the one of the oddest shows out, it doesn't play no background music even when it's going off. And all the people do on that show is argue like petie little children, in one episode I found very shocking to hear was from a blond hair woman saying the two oldest sons of Saddam Hussian that died they made their bodies into make up she said it's so (Queer Eye for the Straite Guy) and another episode she call a gay a fag, I didn't know she had that in her. What I found weird was why would actor George Clooney would talk what the show is all about during previews, he has nothing to do with political things. Thank god "K-Street" never did get a second season 
THIS IS A GREAT DVD ABOUT CAGE MATCHES. IT HAS A LOT OF VIOLENT MATCHES ON IT AND A LOT OF CLASSIC CAGE MATCHES. BUT THE REASON WHY I I AM GIVING THIS 4 STARS IS BECAUSE MOST OF THE MATCHES ON HERE ARE JIPS.(MATCHES JOINED IN PROGRESS.) IT WOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER IF ALL THE MATCHES WERE FULL. BUT ON DISC 2 IT HAS 7 FULL MATCHES BUT THAT IS STILL NO ENOUGH MATCHES. THIS DVD IS WORTH A BUY BUT REMEBER ONLY 7 MATCHES ARE FULL 
Trying to make a film concerning Studio 54 for a mainstream audience is a really bad idea. It's just not possible to do it and actually stay truthful to the climate of that era. Gays had a lot more influence on that scene than the film lets on. From what I understand, the original director's cut was gutted by Miramax before the film was released it and it shows. Other than Mike Meyers portrayal of Steve Rubell, there's hardly a gay character in sight. There's some very good actors in the film and their talents are simply wasted. Thank goodness the good music helped me get through this drivel. Anyone with a taste for fine filmmaking need not bother with this cinematic mistake 
I purchased this movie as it was labeled an epic film and someone even compared it to the best love story since Gone with the Wind. Give me a break! This movie had an agenda 25 years ago, and it still comes across that way in 2006. The rating of PG is a joke. Please do not watch this movie with your kids! It is certainly has a more mature theme than what you would think. The plot is lame and I am sorry I spent the money on it. I plan to get rid of the movie and exchange it as used somewhere where I can get something that is entertaining, this certainly was not. I did not even reach the end of the first disc before turning it off. For top names in the industry making this film, all I can say is they got paid a lot of money for nothing. 
Don't let the cover fool you, this film isn't half as fun as you may hope it is. Maybe it's my own fault, but I was expecting something more like "Groove", or at least something interesting to watch. And it's not for my lack of knowledge of the bands, I often listen to Joy Division/New Order/Happy Mondays, and more from that scene. However, this seemed much more like the story of Tony Wilson and The Factory, than it did about the music, and almost came-off as a documentary. I almost stopped watching it out of boredom, but saw it through anyway. Now I wouldn't call this bad, it had it's good parts, just not many. 
I am a huge Chef! fan. I have been watching the show since it was on BBC America and my local PBS station. I was excited to find that the "Complete Collection" was finally available on DVD. I got the package and could not wait to start watching the show and that is when the dissappointment sat in. I realized that shows were missing from the "Complete Collection" like: Divorice?, Gareth's Father and the Christmas Special "A Bird in the hand". Can someone please tell me how this can be the "Complete Collection" with those episodes ommitted from the DVD? 
The only reason why I saw this was because of Susannah York. This shows she was more capable of the dix she played in The Killing of Sister George and was a fine actress. Otherwise this movie is blah. It's okay to make a surreal other world but you have to make it interesting. The men in this movie are so disgusting one can't blame her for getting mad anyway. For another pointless film of this caliber see Secret Ceremony 
'The Sword and the Sorcerer' released in '82 is a mixed bag of positive and negative. The Negative: The production values are marginal, the picture quality overall dark and grainy. The dialogue doesn't fair any better, it's also dull and uninspired. As for the storyline, well I found it extremely uneven with some parts of the movie excruciatingly slow and others quite good. The Positive: Lee Horsley is surprisingly engaging as the vagabound, warrior Prince Talon and Kathleen Beller is breathtaking as Princess Alana, she's never looked better. The film is worth at least one watch just to see Kathleen in her prime. There are also numerous other very lovely ladies (such as Anna Bjorn) in this production that will keep all the young male viewers interest peaked. Cast includes; Richard Moll, George Maharis, Richard Lynch, Simon McCorkindale and Robert Tessier, one of the great tough guys in film 
Sea of Love is certainly a better than average steamy crime thriller, but it didn't really bowl me over. Pacino's very good, of course, and Ellen Barkin more than holds her own against him, but Pacino's character can become tiresome after a while, and what I regard as a pretty sizeable red herring thrown into your lap midway through the story makes the ending a little less dramatic. I'm not saying the mystery is predictable - it's just not that shocking of a surprise. Frank Keller (Al Pacino) isn't exactly Steve McGarrett material when it comes to his career as a detective, mainly because the guy is basically pretty pathetic. His wife left him for another detective on the force, and he's not handling that very well - drunken calls in the middle of the night to his ex-wife are not uncommon. The guy drinks like a fish all day and all night, whether he's on duty or not, he gets into serious shoving matches with other cops, and he spends more time getting under the skin of his fellow detective (and ex-wife's new man) than investigating the crime at the scene of the film's opening murder. Later on, he gets into a serious relationship with one of the murder suspects, which has to break a lot of rules in the old code of conduct. About all he gleans from the first murder is the fact that someone plugged a fat naked guy in the back of his head and that the killer was apparently a big fan of the song Sea of Love. Fortunately for him, a Queens detective (played by John Goodman) working on a similar case teams up with him on a two-man task force to find the mutual killer. The common thread linking the murders together is the fact that each victim had recently placed a poetic personal ad in the newspaper. Since no one seems to have bothered looking at any of the evidence too closely, Keller and Detective Sherman (Goodman) decide to place a similar ad in the paper, meet all of the women who respond, get their prints and compare them with those found at the murder scenes, and break the case wide open. Keller meets Helen (Ellen Barkin) at one of these undercover dates. She blows him off early on, before she even comes close to leaving a fingerprint on anything. When they meet accidentally soon thereafter, though, a spark is lit, and the two are lovers before you can say Jack Sprat. Frank puts his feelings for Helen above his job, thereby leaving Helen hanging out there as a possible murder suspect. This is where all of the suspense comes in; is she or isn't she? The story zigs and zags both ways on the question, leaving the viewer in a measure of doubt until the very end. The whole thing turns into a weird love story for the most part, with Frank trying to avoid losing Helen even as he sometimes wonders whether she's the killer he's looking for. It is quite suspenseful, largely thanks to Ellen Barkin's very strong performance. The ultimate ending's a little weak, but that takes nothing at all away from the sustained mystery that will command your rapt attention all the way up to that point. It's not hard to see why the movie was so successful. It just goes to show what good acting and a reasonably strong script can do for a movie. There are probably two camps when it comes to the ending, I should note - but it's not a hate it or love it thing. Some will not find it all that surprising, while others may feel as if it comes right out of left field. Either way, Sea of Love is a film that all fans of steamy thrillers can lose themselves in and, at the very least, come out feeling reasonably satisfied 
I thought this movie was pretty good. I've seen a lot of Nicholas Cage movies (8mm, The Rock, Con Air, etc) so maybe I am biased towards him. I've watched this movie 3 times and it doesn't wear thin too quick like some movies 
I really enjoy this workout, with the DVD I can do over the workout phase without having to rewind like with the VHS. I originally wore out about 3 of her VHS workouts from rewinding and using again. That makes it twice as much as you would just rewinding them once 
I really like this video because of its time (30 minutes regular with 10 min bonus segment = 40 min total) and I like the instructor. Janice is really good, calm, cues well, doesnt talk a lot, and is not overly inspiring. She clearly points out the person who will be doing alternative/low impact moves and then continues on. There is nothing complicated about the moves and they are very easy to learn - no hard choreography either. I use this w/ a compliment of other videos and it continues to be one I enjoy to return to. There are 3 segments each focusing on a different section: core, upper and lower body. The bonus segment is a high impact/faster segment combining all elements. Worth the time 
Thirteen Ghosts is about a machine. This machine was designed by a Man who was at the time possessed my Satan. Yes, Satan. If the plot doesn't seem stupid enough, it needs Ghosts to power it. Ghostbusters anyone? At the start we watch a ghost hunting scene with a ghost that looks it belongs in a Michael J Fox movie. As time progresses you find out that the 'demonic machine' needs to be powered by ghosts. If done right, it opens the 'Eye to Hell'. Save yourself a few bucks and don't rent this. It's awfu 
"The Dude, that or, uh, His Dudeness, or, uh, Duder, or El Duderino if you're not into the whole brevity thing." Those are The Dude's immortal words he used to introduce himself to the other Jeffery Lebowski. You're probably thinking "What is he talking about, who is the other Jeffery Lebowski?", well I'll tell you in just a moment, I've just got some things to clear up first. Joel and Ethan Coen have made some of the most loved films of all time, and are one of the most criticly acclaimed film making duos/team of all time. These fellows bought you the cult favourite Blood Simple, the hillarious Raising Arizona, the decietful Millers Crossing, the crazy Barton Fink, The Hudsuckers Proxy, and the blood drenched Fargo, and now this, one of the finest films they've done, The Big Lebowski. Jeff Bridges is Jeffery Lebowski or in this case, The Dude. John Goodman plays the Vietnam veteran Walter, Steve Buscemi is not in it too often, but he plays the loveable Donnie. Let's just go through the character sketches(only The Dude's bowling pals). Characters: The Big Lebowski's main character is The Dude, he lives in LA, he listens to Creedance Clearwater Revival, his favourite drink is a white russian, and he loves bowling. The film is set in, as we've established before, Los Angeles. The Dude is an average joe slacker who dresses in, as what you could say, 'the hippie who likes to surf clothing'. Sandals, shorts, crummy old shirts, jersey jackets(jackets that are jerseys),he never wears socks with his shoes(even in bowling shoes) and occasionly, glasses. Let's also not forget his long hair that makes The Dude's image so legandary. The Dude's bowling buddies are Walter Sobchak, and Donny. Walter is a Vitnam veteran and refers everything to nam'. He mostly wears shorts, a shirt with a sleeveless jacket, hiking shoes, socks(obviously), and always, and I mean ALWAYS wears his aviator sun glasses. He also has sort of an army man buzz cut with a beard around his mouth. Donny, is a great bowler, whenever we see him bowl, he gets a strike, except for once later on(don't want to spoil anything). That's all we bassicly know about him except that he usually(when bowling) wears long pants, a bowling shirt tucked in and a haircut where is hair isn't too long or too short. He's a nice guy and is usually told to shut up by Walter because of his late involvement in conversations with The Dude and Walter. The plot: The movie kicks off with a man narrating. He has a Texan accent and talks about a man named Jeffery Lebowski who also goes by the name 'The Dude', and is the supposed storyteller of The Dude's story, but doesn't narrate until later on. As he narrates we see The Dude in a grocery store in his sandals and the previous statements I made of the clothes he wears, he's looking at milk and tests one of them to see if it's sour, he later arrives home with his purchased milk but is surprised by two thugs, they dunk his head in the toilet and are telling him to give them the money that Bunny owes them. They later realise that it's not the Jeffery Lebowski they're after, they've soiled The Dude's rug and they eventually leave, but The Dude wants to get to the man who they were supposed to get, this is the other Jeffery Lebowski I was talking about and is the millionaire Lebowski, he's bassicly the title's name "The Big Lebowski". The Dude pitches up at the millionaire's mansion and attempts to get a free carpet in exchange for what the thugs were supposed to do to The Big Lebowski's carpet. He eventually get's what he wants but is then later called by Jeffery Lebowski to drop off money to kidnappers who kidnapped his trophy wife Bunny. To cut this short, the film is about The Dude trying to get Bunny back to Jeffery Lebowski, and how he has to deal with other problems that Jeffery Lebowski has, because people come looking after him because of the same name he shares with the millionaire Lebowski. The drop off of the kidnapping leads to all of his other problems. Walter is told about the ransom money by The Dude and decides that The Dude and himself should keep the money instead, because Walter thinks that Bunny kidnapped herself. Walter gives the kidnappers a bag full of dirty laundry that he had, so they keep the money in the car when they go bowling, as they come out, his car is gone. So they have to get the money back without Jeffery Lebowski knowing. The film is hilarious, but that doesn't mean that it's just a normal movie, it's stunnig. The dialogue is sharp and witty, although there's alot of swearing, that doesn't mean the humour is just fowl mouthed, it's hillarious, some of the lines go down in history as some of the funniest one liners ever. The Coen's writing here is as good as ever, with excelently written and thought out characters. Jeff Bridges and John Goodman are absolutely hilarious, they're definately the funniest characters in this movie(Jesus is also funny), and make you wish the film would never end. The other things that are worth watching the film for are the acid trip sequences and the absolutely incredible vintage rock soundtrack. This is a comedy lover's dream come true. If you love the Coens and excellent snappy humour then this is a must have for you. even you don't know the Coens too well or even comedy, then here's a film too start with. Just buy this now, or soon, or whenever you have a split second of a chance to buy it. I can't tell you what the special features are on this disc, because I have the region 2 edition. This one most probably has the same trailer my one has. So if it's the same as the region 2 features, then it's got absolutely no good special features worth writing about 
I've been encouraged by Pat Metheny's music since 1980... that's a long time to follow one guy's music track, but through it all he has always grown and done more than you would expect. His trio record set the standard in the early days, with Bright Size Life (w. Jaco and Bob Moses), and his PMG work has been unusual and different and refreshing. One reviewer mentions "cheesy tunes" - in what sense? In the sense that they don't conform to a rigid set of jazz sounds that we've come to expect (swing+sax+trumpet+upright bass + x y and z=jazz)? Great jazz musicians are innovators, and what PMG has done consistently through its life and continues to do is to create it's own genre of music unto itself - completely unique. Are you going to find 14 other groups sounding like this? No way. Not even one. I know cheesy music when I hear it, and there are plenty of so-called mainstream jazz artists that are guilty of it in addition to the usual suspects. Most jazz musicians will be remembered as that guy or gal that sounded kind of like Miles or kind of like Coltrane or Brecker or whatever. The great ones are the ones others are compared TO, and Pat Metheny falls in that category. If you are open-minded to creative music and want to enjoy great musicians at the top of their game, creating art together as a team listening well and bringing fresh new ideas to life, then buy or rent this DVD. If you want to hear what one kid from Missouri who was by age 15 determined to play with Gary Burton (and he did) was able to do with the guitar by just doggedly pursuing it year after year, creating fresh new material, taking the beauty of the guitar to new levels each and every year, then listen to this DVD and be a part of his history. Because Pat is one of the true geniuses of our age. His relationship with Lyle Mays persists to this day - what a story of loyalty working together though a lifetime. And Pat is able to draw more talent out of his musicians than most bandleaders. A lot of jazz artists have used Richard Bona over the years as a talented fretless bass player, but Pat Metheny gave him a stage to share the whole range of his talent. He does a solo with himself and some percussion and a delay pedal that is amazing - he harmonizes with himself and creates a tapestry of sound... Cuong Vu did something similar on this DVD with his trumpet. The drummer and bass player (Antonio Sanchez and Steve Rodby)are just on it - this is a great band. If you get a chance to hear their Austin City Limits performance, I think it is slightly better in the sense of how raw it is; this performance is more polished, and of course a lot more time was taken in the mastering of this. Both live performances are worth checking out. 
I thought this DVD set was halarious! I was hoping it wouldn't be the case where I saw it before, and remembered it to be funnier than it really was. But that was not the case. It truely was one of the funniest seasons of a comedy show I've ever seen! I wonder if the cast has some sort of deal with Sprite, though, because you see so many current and former cast members from this show, in those commercials for Sprite. Anyone care to comment on this? My favorite skits are probably the Movie satires, and the one with Michael Jackson doing an infomercial is halarious! I also like the Rap Video, with Ice Cube in prison, doing a song about acting, etc. Just phenomenally halarious! MC White said: Check it out!! 
This film burns the screen with power, sensitivity, unbreakable bonds and emotional connections that will blow your mind. Jolie and Burress shine in Foxfire in a way that you'll never forget. Every woman has been a girl, and, even if they store their feelings deep inside, they have to wish they had spent a few months like these girls. I know I do. But even guys have to relate to the realistic rebellious and connected spirit these girls reflect on-screen. Every character is well-developed. I wish I could change the ending of the movie, but that ending is what keeps things real. This movie is definitely a treasure 
I generally admire Jennifer Aniston's work so I picked this up when the video store offered a second rental free with the purchase of two bags of popcorn. Sadly, watching the popcorn pop was more interesting than the movie. If you went to sleep after the first 10 minutes, you would't miss much since nothing really happens. If it's a comedy, it isn't funny. If it's a slice of life, the lives are deadly dull. The emotional level is so low-key you suspect the entire group is on valium. Jenifer Aniston especially, seems to have phoned this one in. Real characters? As it happens, I've known thousands of real people over the years and not a one bears the slightest resemblance to any of these sad-sack characters. If they're actually representative of real Americans then we're in big trouble! My wife I had the same reaction at the end of this one ..... "THAT"S IT??!!" 
Cinema-wise, you know you're witnessing the beginning of the end when the best Hollywood can come up with is a SEQUEL to a REMAKE (it`s not often that two crimes of unoriginality are committed in a single film). But that is exactly what "Cheaper by the Dozen 2" turns out to be - and the result, quality-wise, is pretty much what one would expect. This is one of those alleged family comedies in which the adults (the male adults at any rate) are infinitely more immature in their attitude and behavior than the children they are raising. Steve Martin returns as the prolific father of twelve who is beginning to sense that his children, as they are growing older, no longer want to spend quality time together as a family. To rectify the situation, he takes them all on a vacation to a favorite lake resort - a move that threatens to turn into a full-scale disaster when the Bakers find themselves embroiled in a fierce competition with a neighboring family of snooty overachievers led by Eugene Levy, a patriarch who runs his brood with so much spit-and-polish regimentation that he makes Captain Von Trapp look like a touchy-feely pushover in comparison. One might be tempted to call this a distended version of a "Brady Bunch" episode and leave it at that, but even that show, for all its lack of sophistication, didn't portray the father as a total and irredeemable doofus with serious developmental issues and the emotional maturity of a bratty six-year-old. Besides the daddy-is-a-dope stereotype, all "Cheaper by the Dozen 2" has to offer is lame slapstick, a silly pre-pubescent "Romeo and Juliet" subplot, and push-button scenes of emotional uplift in which a crescendo of swelling violins serves as the cue for the tears to start flowing. The drearily unoriginal screenplay comes replete with the requisite dog-humping incidents and poop jokes, and not one but TWO scenes of an elderly handicapped gentleman rolling off into the lake in a wheelchair. Any more of these films and Planned Parenthood won't have to mount a fundraising drive for years to come 
McCully 1 Adam McCully Instructor Lee Hobbs ENGL 101.025 18 November 2005 Red Dragon When I heard that Universal Studios was making a prequel to Silence of the Lambs, I'll admit that I was a little skeptical. Throughout movie history there has been a long list of bad sequels which, more or less, is what this prequel was. Caddyshack II, Godfather III, and Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey, all horrible follow ups to great films. So naturally I was a little worried that the film Red Dragon was going to be just another flop that followed a great film. Any movie that follows a great film like Silence of the Lambs has a lot to live up to. Personally, I thought that the first sequel to Silence of the Lambs, Hannibal, didn't quite achieve that, and neither did Red Dragon. It was a decent movie, but not quite as shocking and suspenseful as the first. Don't get me wrong it did have its share of shock value, but since it didn't come first I had already come to expect that. I thought that the writers would take the time and effort to make sure that this film was as good if not better than the first two films, but clearly their work shows otherwise. All in all, this movie disappointed me for several reasons. As I mentioned before, the lack of violence and shock that were so prevalent in the first movie and that I, as a fan of the films, had come to expect. But mostly, it was the fact that this movie was nothing more than a film that was made in the eighties with a different title and better actors. I've never been a fan of remakes and this film was certainly no exception. 
Okay, it's not high art but this film has something to say all be it in a round about fashion. It does make the viewer wonder about modern medicine and how it can possibly affect those who take it on a regular basis. On the other hand, the film lacks true suspense. I was hoping for an explosive opening scene when the baby is first born and instead was offered a yawn. The baby itself is about as scary as fozzy bear and while there is some blood flow it is kept to a minimum. The pacing is too slow at times and it just doesn't stand up that well today. The actors who took part in this didn't go anywhere say for the father who went on to appear in the sequel. Why there was a sequel is beyond me. I recall how frightening the commercial was for this film when it first came out but I was only five at the time. At the most this is a rent not a buy. I guess good for it's time but perhaps a re-make would pump some needed life into the story. 
This movie is a real departure for the director, Akira Kurosawa, in that it blends his humanistic inspirational-type movies, like "Ikiru" with a bit of action and drama "Yojimbo, Sanjuro." The majority of the movie follows a young and arrogant doctor forced to work in a rural and poor region of Japan under a domineering senior doctor. Naturally, everybody learns a lesson about life and both the doctors and patients are seen in their human weakness and grandeour. Midway through the movie, out of nowhere, one of the best action sequences in movie history occurs just before the intermission. It is shocking because it is such a departure from the tone and is also so brief, confusing, and brutal. Toshiro Mifune and Kurosawa never worked together again after this movie and the director's work changed radically. Still good, but I'll always prefer the b epics the two of them made together. 
Wuthering Heights the novel grabs you at the first page and drags you through passion, betrayal, madness, despair, greed, hatred, and revenge. It's not necessarily a pleasant read, but always an engrossing one. Emily Bronte's characters jump off the page and will continue to haunt you long after you've finished the book. Modern day moviemakers have had a notoriously bad time translating any of the Bronte sisters' works into film and this is no exception. The characters are representations in name only and fail to capture any of the true spirit behind this amazing book. Juliet Binoche and Ralph Fiennes are two of the best actors working in film today, but this movie is a definite low point for both. As Heathcliff and Catherine, Fiennes and Binoche seem to have failed to grasp the depth or the passions of the characters and their performances are flat and bland. Binoche's personality is too grounded and mature for the wild and carefree Cathy so she compensates with endless giggling that got on my nerves. Fiennes comes across as greasy and sullen instead of a tormented and complex soul; he simply does not have the charisma or the depth to play such a demanding role. The other characters are likewise lacking in realism, only Janet McTeer fares well, she is fabulous as Ellen Dean. Even if the acting were better, the story does not capture the essence of the book. Everything moves too quickly, the film jumps around frequently and large plot holes are left either unexplained or are patched quickly with a few brusque words. Sinead O'Conner's appearance as Emily Bronte to bookend the film is contrived and unnecessary. This film was very obviously made on a budget and the sets and costumes show it. The wigs are dreadful and the costumes are for the most part, ugly and unflattering. Fiennes actually looks potbellied in some of his vests! Maybe someday someone will make a film that does this remarkable book justice. This isn't it 
This movie is an insult to merely bad comedies. Gee, another movie with a fast-talking, potty-mouthed, black guy (hello Eddie Murphy) who, because it's perfectly fine in ultra-lib, pc Hollyweird, calls Charlie Sheen (and everyone else who is not Black) a host of nasty, racially-oriented names. The movie is a mess. Let's see. The protagonist (Tucker) plays a con men who after being falsely suspected of being a cop-killer, is chased around by cops and the bad guys. The McGuffin is a sack of diamonds. Sheen is supposed to be a co-star, but like most of his other movies, he sleepwalks through it. Clearly this movie is meant to be a vehicle for Tucker. The sceenwriters were obviously making it up as they went along. First "screenwriter":" Hey Bob, what will we have Tucker do next? Hey I know, let's have a car chase and have him call some people some names" Second "screenwriter" "Hey, great idea Fred, I sure don't have any ideas". Apparently there are many people who think this guy is funny even though the movie is a rip-off of Murphy the Trickster flicks. Basically the plot is Tucker runs around dodging bullets and calling everyone a name. If that's your idea of humor, I pity you. 
Samuel Jackson and Kevin Spacey turn two distinct yet strong performances. Jackson is always great to watch for his intensity, and this role suits that to a tee. Spacey continues to impress with a solid and believable performance. This film and its settings/supporting cast are *slightly* dated by today's standards, but the two main actors and the good story more than make up for it. Highly worthwile 
I thought this was a wonderful DVD because of the following factors: *The goal of this Billy Blank's DVD is to get kids off their feet and exercising. In this day and age of television, video games, and a joke of physical education in schools, it's up to parents to stress the importance of regular fitness activity. *The diversity is great. The children on this DVD consist of both boys and girls, ages of about 5 to maybe 12 or 13 years old, all sizes from thin to slightly chubby, and different nationalities. *Billy Blanks is just a very good instructor and you can see why he's loved by young and old. He motivates the kids and makes the moves entertaining for them, even throwing in a couple of old dance moves. :-) Billy Blanks speaks from the heart and you can tell that he honestly wants everyone to be fit. As far as the fitness level, I could see kids doing this but it gets a little trickier when you get to the floor exercises if you haven't exercised in a while. The good thing about this particular DVD is since it's geared towards kids, Billy places less emphasis on getting moves perfect, his main focus is to get the kids to realize that exercise is fun. Overall, I think this is a great DVD to add to your collection. It's something you and your kids can enjoy doing together. 
I made the mistake of watching it after seeing how many stars (4) it received from other viewers. The plot was butchered, the characters twisted, the story ruined, a pure agony. Marilla is fat and ugly. Wasn't it supposed to be Rachel Lynde's character? Matthew is sly and conniving and very outspoken. What happened to endearing shy Matthew? Rachel Lynde had been merged with Mrs. Barry, Dianna's mother, and hence Mrs. Rachel Barry (Oh brother). Dianna is a petit blond and not a dimpled raven black haired damsel, who gets married behind the scenes without her bosom friend who was sent to Queens at 18 as a punishment. Anne and Gilbert are secret lovers brutally separated by Marilla who is crossed with Gilbert's father for stealing Matthew's sweetheart many years ago. Get the picture? This movie has no merits as related to the book. It might have some as a stand-alone creation but I haven't found any. I wasted nearly an hour and a half of my life and was bitterly disappointed, irritated and nauseated. The creators of this movie were definitely not kindred spirits! Do yourself a favor, if you really like the Anne books don't watch this movie. Oh, and I do wish Peter Jackson (Lord of the Rings) will fall in love with the books and make proper and ACCURATE movies out of them. Do you hear me Peter? 
There are cinematic masterpieces, and there are films that really make you feel the producer knows how to use film to its fullest. This stinker convinced me Mr. Lynch owned shares in Kodak and wanted to sell film by the mile. The only reason you may want to see this is so you will convince yourself never to see a David Lynch work ever again. Do not buy it!! Manos, The Hands of Fate is much more watchable than this. I get Brian Eno and ambient/atmosphere music is so you will use it as a background along with your imagination to create your own inner experience. Film doesn't work that way (another reviewer compared this with Eno). I find Memento a brilliant piece of work, really making me forget I am watching a film. I think Videodrome is wonderful and compelling. This - make sure you can watch something else. Watch this in 100x speed. You won't miss a thing. Okay, I just remembered, there is one movie worse than this one. Reflections Of Evil. If you actually like Eraserhead then get that movie too. Me, I'd rather put a brain-eating worm in my ear from whatever planet Kahn was exiled to in Star Trek II. Much less painful than watching this 
The chemistry of all of the cast members is perfect. Great ghetto storylines that are still relevant 30 years later. Top episodes: James Buys a Gun JJ's engagement with Debbie Allen 
These plays were okay, I'm glad I rented them before buying them. The props and things were very nice, the actors didn't gel well with each other or connect with their characters and the singing was mediocre ( definitely no Tyler Perry quality on that note) but the messages were good just seemed a little unrealistic and too drawn out. I thought Alexander O'Neal sang in one of them but he didn't 
The acting was stiff and vapid, the filming was grainy and amateurish, the story was non-existent. A good Rx for insomnia, this forgettable piece of rubbish has only one redeeming quality: Seeing young Jim Carey trying to make the most of a boring script and insipid role 
ARMAGEDDON DECEMBER 15, 2002 FT. LAUDERDALE, FLORIDA 1) FOUR WAY ELIMINATION MATCH FOR THE WORLD TAG TEAM CHAMPIONSHIP CHRIS JERICHO CHRISTIAN VS. DUDLEY BOYZ VS. LANCE STORM WILLIAM REGAL VS. BOOKER T GOLDUST IT WAS GOOD PICK MATCH FOR FIRST MATCH ON ARMAGEDDON AND THEY ELIMINATION TOO QUICK. AT FINALLY WITH CHRIS CHRISTIAN VS. BOOKER T GOLDUST WERE DOING AT LONG MATCH. WINNER: NEW CHAMPION BOOKER T GOLDUST RATE: 8/10 2) EDGE VS. A-TRAIN IT IS NOT VERY WELL MATCH AND THE COWRD NOT REALLY INTO IT. WINNER: EDGE RATE: 5/10 3) TORRIE WILSON VS. DAWN MARIE WWE PUT THEY INTO MATCH AT A HUNDERD TIMES! RATE:0/10 4) EDDIE GUERRERO VS. CHRIS BENIOT GOOD AND A WONDERFUL TECHOLOGY WRESTLE MATCH WINNER: EDDIE RATE: 8/10 5) TRIPLE THREAT MATCH FOR THE WOMEN CHAMPIONSHIP TRISH VS. JAZZ VS. JACQUELINE PRETTY GOOD TRIPLE THREAT WITH WOMEN RATE: 6/10 6) WWE CHAMPIONSHIP BIG SHOW VS. KURT ANGLE GOOD WITH BIG MAN VS. TECHOLOGY MAN IN MATCH. WINNER: KURT ANGLE RATE: 7/10 7) KANE VS. BATISTA BIG MAN MATCH ONCE AGAIN AND IT IS REAL SLOW MATCH. WINNER: BATISTA RATE: 6/10 8) WORLD HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP SHAWN MICHAELS VS. TRIPLE H IN TWO-OUT-OF-THREE FALLS MATCH FIRST-STREET FIGHT- IT WAS HAPPEN SAME SUMMERSLAM 2002 AND THEY SPENT ON THIS STREET FIGHT FOR AT LEAST 15 MINUTE. AND IT WAS GREAT TOO. TRIPLE WIN AT FIRST FALL. SECOND FALL-STEEL CAGE- IT WAS PRETTY SHORT AND LOT OF INTURRPED WITH RIC FLAIR AND SHAWN WIN AT SECOND FALL. TTHIRD FALL-LADDER MATCH- IT WAS SHORTEST THAN SECOND FALL. THERE IS NOT MUCH AMAZING IMPACT. TRIPLE WIN AND NEW CHAMPION. RATE: 10/10 
This movie is no "Heathers." It's not even "Mean Girls." As hard as it tried to be witty, shocking, dark, and satirical, it just made me want to bang my head against a wall to make the pain of watching it stop. Maybe I'm just too old for this drivel -- although I could watch "Clueless" and "The Craft" until my DVD player breaks -- but whatever entertainment value this movie was trying to push, I just didn't get it. The movie wasn't funny (which is sad to say when one of my favorite comedic actresses, Carol Kane, couldn't even elicit a smile out of me), the plot was full of holes, and the writing seemed very rushed and contrived. I wasn't expecting greatness when I watched Jawbreakers, but I was at least hoping for 1 1/2 hours of mindless entertainment. Unfortunately, the "entertainment" piece was dropped and I was just left with "mindless. 
I really did give this a chance but I can't say I like the show. It focuses more on the "police" aspect and less on the science, which differentiates the CSI series from most of the other garbage out there. I know David Caruso has his fans but I just can't appreciate him in this vehicle... 
When Daryl Deever (William Hurt) tells TV reporter Tony Sokolow (Sigourney Weaver) he knows more than he actually does about a murder in the building where he works as a janitor, he gets more than he bargained for. Deever is a good guy, smart enough but ambitious only on his own terms. He's sort of engaged to his best friend's sister, but he's had a crush on Sokolow for two years. When the man in the building gets his throat slit, Sokolow is one of the reporters on the scene. Deever sees a perfect chance to get to meet her, so he tells her he may know something. She goes after the story and he goes after her. Sokolow is not quite engaged to a dedicated, capable man known as Joseph (Christopher Plummer), who is good friends with Sokolow's parents. It becomes clear that her wealthy parents, their rich friends and Joseph are engaged in the shadowy business of buying illegal ways for Jews to escape from the Soviet Union and to journey to Israel. And it appears that the man killed may have had an involvement, too. Before long, the man's associates learn of Deever's gambit with Sokolow and go after them to find out who was behind the killing. More lethally, the real murderer learns of what Deever said to Sokolow and believes Deever might actually know something. He goes after Deever. This is a tight, well constructed murder mystery with two first-rate components. First is the romance which builds between the characters played by Hurt and Weaver. These two people are attractive and smart. Hurt, in particular, comes across as guileless but he's no one's patsy. The two are very likable. Second, the situation which develops poses some ethical questions. Grades of gray come into play; it wouldn't be accurate to say that the murderer is simply another bad guy. The movie also features some first-rate actors besides Hurt and Weaver. There's Christopher Plummer who, as usual, brings so much assurance and nuance to his role; James Woods as the best friend, always a little off balance; Pamela Reed as Woods' sister; her mutual declaration of non-love with Hurt is very funny and appealing; Steven Hill and Morgan Freeman as the two cops assigned to the case; Kenneth McMillan as Hurt's father, angry and vulnerable; and Irene Worth and Albert Paulsen as Weaver's parents, people who love her but, especially the mother, always put responsibilities and obligations into the love. They all are very good. I like this movie a lot. The DVD picture looks fine. There are no extras to speak of 
Though cancelled for 2 years, this is the best show on TV in my opinion (even in reruns) 
Seeing/hearing a movie such as this in the German language adds another layer which makes the movie ultra realistic. Furthermore the actors who play the key roles, especially Hitler, but also Goebbels, Speer, Himler are so alike to the actual historical figures it really is eerie. What sets the film apart from other WWII/Hitler films is that the characters are portrayed as human beings -- NOT stereotypical Hollywood caricatures. What makes it chilling is that these human beings can be charming and yet a split second carry out the most horrific acts one can imagine. Furthermore the the director avoids melodrama. The events unfold on the screen naturally drawing the the viewer into the events as if one were actually in the bunker witnessing the horrifying events before the fall of Berlin. As good as Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan were, this film by comparision makes the them seem too contrived and over-acted. This is a milestone in WWII genre of film-making 
Before I review, I'd like to clear something up: I am a very latecomer in seeing this movie. I was introduced to the Ghost in the Shell franchise through the new Anime series airing on Adult Swim, Ghost in the Shell: Standalone Complex. I absolutely love that show, and so I figured eventually I'd have to get around to seeing the movie, which I knew full well shares no connection with the show. They're both seperate interperetations of the comic series of the same name, (which I have not read, so I don't know which is more accurate) but the TV series is exponentially better than this movie in almost every concievable way. There are many things I don't like about this movie, the biggest being poor pacing. The plot for the movie is actually surprisingly straightforward once you cut away all the filler, but that's the biggest problem. There's not really enough story to last a full-length feature, because it seems almost like it was originally written with the intention of being a 30 minute short. And since they didn't have the budget to load the movie up with action scenes (there are barely any, and they aren't very impressive for the most part) they had to slow the story down with drawn out conversations that you won't understand more than 60% of, and camera shots that last for what feels like minutes where we're looking at either nothing, or a woman's nipples. That's not cinematic artistry, that's being either lazy or perverted. The animation itself isn't even that good, especially considering that this is was a theatrical release from only 10 years ago. It's choppy, and there's not really a whole lot of detail (except when it comes to women's nipples). Looking at just the animation, if I didn't know better, I'd have thought this movie was an OVA from the 1980's. The only thing I can really say I liked about this movie was that it was Ghost in the Shell. It's probably kind of like how I didn't see the 1989 Batman movie until years after I'd been spoiled by Batman the Animated Series, and couldn't bring myself to like it for any reason other than that it was Batman. Everything about the TV series is superior to this movie: the animation, the stories, the character developement, the production values... I could go on for an entire page about how much better the TV series is. In short, if you're you're at all interested in the GITS franchise, do yourself a favor and rent the DVDs of the TV show instead. You'll find a lot to love, but I can't say the same about the movie. My dream is that someday Alex Proyas will give us a GITS movie that lives up to what I would hope for after watching Standalone Complex 
During my teenage years I was a fan of WWF wrestling and specifically, the Rock. He was a tremendous wrestler who the fans admired right away because of his talent to be extremely funny on the microphone and cut some of the funniest, most disgusting lines ever mentioned on WWF TV. His talent in the ring was spot-on, and the Rock would always give the people everything he had when it came time to step in the ring and compete. He rarely made a mistake in the ring... but he made a HUGE mistake stepping away from wrestling and walking down the path to Hollywood. It's not that Doom is really a bad movie. Sure, it was a movie considered a disappointment right from the get go because no one wanted to watch it at the movie theaters. It's just a normal, monster-shooting film that delivers a tiny amount of suspense, and that's it. I'm sure the movie would've been big had it been released 10 years ago. Todays generation is probably sick of go-nowhere do-nothing action films such as Doom. Okay, so it DOES go somewhere, but the film isn't really designed to build to an awe-inspiring creative story. Doom is the kind of movie you don't really want to seek out- you just happen to come across it at the video store and decide you need a quick 90-minute action fix, so you rent the movie, watch it, and then forget about it the next morning. Of course, I'm sure you don't forget to rewind the tape because that's impolite. The Rock never should have left wrestling. It was a bad career move and the millions of wrestling fans (and the Rock means MILLIONS) really miss him. Come back home, Rock. Please 
I'm making an exception to my usual practice of not reviewing anything on amazon, due to the utter vileness of this movie. I saw it when it came out in theaters and hated it, and then a friend purchased the DVD and convinced me to give it a second chance... all in all, this movie ended up taking about four hours of my life that I will never get back. The performances are thin and uneven, the plot is inconsistent, and the dialogue sounds like it was pulled from fortune cookies made by the cast of Friends. To be fair, this movie does face several major obstacles. It has the misfortune to depend on the "acting" of glorified Ken doll Freddie Prinze, Jr. and the vastly overrated Julia Stiles, and in addition to trying to rise above these challenges, it also attempts to survive the intrusion of Ashton Kutcher. It fails on all counts. I do not hate the whole romantic comedy genre; nor do I hate the "teen" movie sub-genre, under which some would place "Down to You." (In fact, "Can't Hardly Wait" is one of my favorite movies.) I simply hate BAD movies, and this movie is a true abomination. If you enjoy the experience of wanting to drill into your own skull, then by all means, buy this DVD. If, however, you value your sanity, then please do not make the same mistake I did; stay far, FAR away from this movie 
Cheesy instructor the instructor's voice covers the music in the background which turns you off going on with the exercize, the music itself is monotonous and the beat is not inline with the moves. the instructor is too fast to follow..to cut it short i do not recommend this for anyone ..totally not professional 
This movie is the most boring, uninteresting piece of garbage I have ever wasted my money on. The plot is stupid, the characters are dull and insipid, and the whole movie leaves you asking, as the credits run, "So What?" Don't waste your money! 
Man,talk about your untypical,not your average,regular kung fu movie!!Steven Chow blew the audiences away with this super hit.For those who have'nt seen it yet,it's a treat you simply cannot miss.Excellent dvd for anyone to add to their collection of favorites 
Probably the best place to start for Bergman initiates. Three decent films (although I think "Through A Glass" is in a different class to the other two features). Moreover, they all form a useful overview of the progression of Bergman's art from circa 1960 to circa '62; from the religious torment of 1961's "Winter light", through the conjunction of interpersonal conflict and religious neurosis of "Through A Glass..." to the explicit focus on familial relationships of "The Silence", (the latter reminiscent of Bergman's mid-to-late 60's output). In short, although there is nothing to match the astounding "Persona" (1966), the films do give a great indication as to Bergman's filmmaking in particular and the whole boom in Euroean Art House cinema of the early 1960s in general. DVD: Excellent Criterion transfers. The documentary disc a Swedish film about the production of "Winter Light") is excellent as well, worth watching alone for Bergman's casual conversations on his religious torment: he speaks of spiritual angst in the tone most people speak of going to the shops for a loaf of bread 
The lack of Liam neeson and raimi's directing is what ruined this movie for me. While Mr. Vasloo is superb in his taking on the burden of the Liam created character and mr. Drake always has appeal, the movie as a whole needed a much better script. It was too predicatble, too phoney. On the bonus side, they did manage to keep the hapahazard and crazy comments Darkman makes during chases and fight scenes in tact, so that was a plus 
HORRIBLE NOT FUNNY I HAVE NO IDEA HOW PEOPLE CAN SAY THIS IS A GOOD MOVIE ok now i personally, am a adam sandler fan, but i just hated this movie. Accually, i hated it so much, i couldnt even finish it and we had to give it away. i recomend you do not waist your time with this horrible excuse for a movie. 
If you're even showing an interest to vol.2 then you most likely own or have seen vol.1. Even then I recommend this one as much as any of them, since you gotta watch the whole series in order to find out what happens in the end. Anyways, vol.2 offers the same fun antics the 1st vol. did, BUT unfortunately when compared to vol.1 you'll see that there are a whole lot less sword fights and basically no violence at all. Any sword fighting that actually occur usually doesn't last long enough to be considered a "fight". But this DVD makes up for that with plenty more comical antics than the 1st vol. So enjoy it, I know I did 
..I recently purchased the first "House" movie, i remember watching it as a kid, it was apparently alot scarier during my adolesence, anyways the second one came with it for free, and i must say it was garbage, i did not have the patience to sit thru this crap, i now use this dvd disc as a cup coaster.Peace 
It's interesting to read some of the other reviews. I can't understand how it could take a viewer two times to get through this enchanting movie. It's imaginative, as was "Nightmare Before Christmas", but goes beyond that movie with even better stop-action animation and a musical score that is richer and more moving. I loved "Nightmare", but Corpse Bride takes all the things I loved and made them better. The voices of all the actors ring true. The mood is gothic and yet comical. The score is rich and defines the movie perfectly. (The DVD allows you to watch the movie with only the music, and that's a real plus.) 
Unfairly overlooked in the early 90's for rideing at the tale end of the last wave of 80's slasher films 'POPCORN(1991)' is a damn good little slasher flick with a somewhat dry but exceptable endind,some decent acting,a ludicrous story,some good dark atmosphere,decent kills,plenty of cheese a pretty creepy villain. The parody of a slasher film being set in a movie theatre is excellent Wes Craven the makers of 'SCREAM' owe alot to this little known gem for slurping up some inspiration 
Given that pornography is a multi-jillion-dollar-a-year business, it's sort of surprising that it hasn't received the cinematic treatment more often, but Boogie Nights provides it with the sort of skewed, darkly comic treatment that it almost certainly deserves, and becomes a certifiable classic in the process. Following the story of Eddie Adams, a simple-minded, almost impossibly well-endowed teenager from suburban California who achieves porn stardom as Dirk Diggler before turning 20, Boogie Nights is both a time-tested star-is-born-and-almost-blows-it-all story and a loving tribute to a time and place that will probably never be replicated and the individuals who made it what it was. Paul Thomas Anderson's directing is as excessive and stylish as you'd expect from a movie centered on the porno industry, with Anderson pulling out every trick in the book--long tracking shots, underwater closeups, montages, movie-within-a-movie views, and some moments that approach stream-of-consciousness (Dirk's vision of his professional name literally exploding off a neon sign being a prominent example). Naturally, Anderson also loads the movie up with period details, right down to the Farah Fawcett poster in teenage Dirk's room, the platform shoes, and the obligatory disco sequences. Its visual flair aside, though, Boogie Nights is also the sort of insanely quotable, watch-it-until-you've-memorized-it movie that seemed to come out in droves in the nineties (Trainspotting, Fargo, Goodfellas, Swingers, True Romance, etc. etc. etc.) but has been in disturbingly short supply this decade. This movie simply seems to have everything you can think of going for it, especially its murderer's row of a cast--Burt Reynolds (Jack Horner), Don Cheadle (Buck Swope), John C. Reilly (Reed Rothchild), Julianne Moore (Amber Waves), William H. Macy (Little Bill), Luis Guzman (Maurice Rodriguez), Tom Jane (Todd Parker), Philip Baker Hall (Floyd Gondolli), Philip Seymour Hoffman (Scotty Jay), and Alfred Molina (Rahad Jackson) all figure prominently--and even Wahlberg (Dirk himself) and Heather Graham (Rollergirl) have roles that are perfectly suited to their relative limitations as actors. That said, what really gives the movie its resonance is the obvious sympathy with which it treats its characters, who are generally easy to laugh at but equally easy to like. The main characters almost entirely have hopes, aspirations, and attachments beyond the rather closed world of their profession--Jack's desire to be a serious filmmaker; Dirk's ridiculous pseudo-Karate and Reed's equally ridiculous poetry; Buck's goal of opening his own stereo store; Amber's attempts to get back in touch with her son, which she blatantly compensates for by mothering her co-stars--helping us see them as fleshed-out characters, not just plot devices in the story. Since there isn't really a plot to speak of, the movie is told as a series of episodes, Goodfellas-style, with several extended pieces--the pool party at Jack's House where Eddie/Dirk gets introduced to the whole crew; the New Year's Eve party celebrating the start of the '80's; the fake drug deal gone bad at a Rahad's house--serving to turn the narrative in new directions. This last set piece--when Dirk, Reed, and Todd head over to Rahad's house to sell him some baking soda disguised as cocaine and it quickly degenerates into a laughably misguided robbery attempt--deserves special mention, as it's easily one of the most fascinating single scenes in recent film memory. It starts off almost surreal, with a skinny Chinese guy walking around randomly lighting firecrackers and Rahad (clad only in underwear, a bathrobe and slippers) discoursing semi-coherently as he sings along to not-so-classic 80's songs on a mixtape. From there it just gets progressively darker and tenser, with the lighting, acting, and direction all perfectly serving to ratchet up the feeling of desperation and horror as Todd kicks his ill-conceived robbery plot into motion and things spin way out of control. Molina's over-the-top performance, more than anything else, makes the scene, as he turns Rahad into a manic ball of drug-fuelled energy and, later, a shotgun-toting avenging angel determined to take his revenge. I wouldn't say Molina turns in the best performance I've ever seen in a movie, but it it probably the best performance I've seen from someone who only got one scene in the whole movie. The '80's are, of course, the hangover from the joys of the previous decade, as the emergence of video downgrades the quality of the product, cocaine suddenly becomes addictive, and Dirk starts to become too big for his britches in more ways than one. Fittingly, as the disco era gives way to tougher times in the eighties, the movie takes a darker turn, becoming grittier, more downcast and a lot more violent, but no less compelling. All the unbridled energy and creativity of the first half is still present, just in a decidedly less sunny form. Even when people are getting beaten up and shot left and right, the movie's pedal-to-the-metal pacing makes it all but impossible to look away. Well, except maybe for the notorious money shot at the end, but by then I for one didn't care. 
For every season, there is a classic movie. In our house, "A Christmas Story" tops the list when Christmas rolls around. Without a doubt this movie is a classic! Ralphie and his quest for the Red Ryder BB gun -- I do love this movie. 
It is unusual that I disagree with so many great critics praising a movie where there is so much talent. This movie tries to deal with alot and does alot of it well BUT as a viewer, I am hugely distracted by Mamet's dialogue. No, I do not agree that people in the real business world talk like this! Real people do not mindlessly echo over and over and over the same phrases that they hear each other speaking. If I did that in my working environment my coworkers would think there was something wrong with me. Real conversation does not run in that kind of patter. After listening to the characters for ninety minutes, I finally came to the conclusion that many of the characters sounded alike and the one connection point was Mamet. Real people talk differently from each other. They use different and distinct speech patterns and phrases and slang. I've had this problem with Mamet before and I can't believe nobody has ever noticed this before - and I would doubt that I am the first. I wouldn't be surprised if - somewhere - some actor in some Mamet production has pondered this before. Come on! Good dialogue is like good acting: if it's really good, you don't notice it until the show's over. 
Rather than give another general review as others have kindly done, my review focuses on one aspect of the film, indeed one character, that of Martha. Martha Dunstock is known throughout the film as Martha Dumptruck. Even the film credits include the nickname `Dumptruck' besides the character's surname (evidently feeling the need to labour the point). Portrayed as unattractive and pathetically grateful for any attention she is given, she unwittingly provides the Slater character with information enabling him to murder a student. Later, when the cult status of the `suicides' (that is, murdered students) becomes apparent, Martha attempts her own suicide by walking into the path of traffic. But her attempt is shown as a failure. At the end of the film Martha is bruised and now disabled, in an electric wheelchair. Ryder's character, having finished her voyage of self-realisation, rejects the school Prom night and instead invites Martha to stay in with a video and popcorn. Martha gratefully accepts and the closing scenes show Ryder walking along the corridor while Martha encircles her like a planet around the sun. The image of Martha in her wheelchair, an object of pity for Ryder and for the audience, signifies to us fears of being different, of not being beautiful, of not being loved and respected. Martha is the person we are all frightened of becoming. She is given no means of solving her predicament by the film maker. And though some of us in the audience may be fat, or disabled, or both, we may yet still fear Martha, and are invited to consider Ryder's protagonist's journey of self discovery as our own, even is in physical and social reality, we are more like Martha. For this reason, `Heathers' fails as an exploration of the `Hell' of High School ( a description often used by Buffy/Angel/ Firefly's Joss Whedon). Those in the audience NOT as thin and complying with Western standards of `beauty' as the protagonists (probably the majority of us) ultimately may find the so-called subversion of cruel hierarchy in this film just that little too shallow, leaving a bitter after-taste. The way `fat' people are portrayed in films such as these unfortunately often reflect the predictable, transparent and absurd fixations of the film makers. Sadly this is happening even today - in some ways it has gotten even worse since the Western World decided to wage a 'war on fat' (to quote Paul Campos) - and even at best it is lazy film-making. 
there is a certain new-fangled school of screenwriting that thinks that if you put a bunch of characters on screen and have them make no sense of one another but sound as if theyre being profound, then they ARE. the prime example of this in recent years is the abominable "crash", but at least that was (somewhat) assuaged by strong performances. this -- arguably the worst "mainstream" motion picture of 2005 -- is redeemed by nothing. an excruciatingly long 2 hours, and as much as i (usually) enjoy george clooney, i might never forgive him for this drek 
i own many of the 50 packs of movies and i must say i like this set very much.most of these movies are from the 30's and 40's, the hayday of movie mysterys. the transfers are ok ,but not great and some of the movie have sterotype's of all kinds. just keep in mind when they were made,and if they bother you don't watch. a nice set and a great way to build your movie collectio 
This is a documentary about ADHD-not Half Japanese. Most of the so-called critics can't remember a dambed thing except for how great they are for recognizing the greatness of Jad while continuously ranting about their major label conspiracy theories. Penn Jillette even goes so far as to brag about how he conned a homless person out of Jad's material and then threatened Jad with physical violence if he ever talked to the guy. If you're interested in mental illness and sleazy people like Penn Jillette stroking themselves then by all means watch this. If you're interested in a great American rock band then just buy the albums and listen. 
To be fair, the legends of Herakles, as they were originally written, have little to do with this movie, but maybe that's for the best. Having grown up on Superman, Batman and the Justice League, I have a hard time calling a person like Herakles a hero. In the original legends, he was a warrior, but also a brute who eventually wound up killing his wife and children in a fit of rage. He also wasn't, as far as I can tell, as strong as in this version. Therefore, interpretations of Herakles are, I think, to be judged not on whether or not they deviate from the legend, but on where and why. Disney has attempted to take Herakles (or Hercules, in the Roman) and make it a story about a true hero, and a perfect one at that. There's nothing I like more than perfect heroes. They inspire me. Conceptually, I like the idea. Instead of Herakles being the illegitimate son of Zeus and a mortal woman, he's conceived in love by Zeus and Hera and turned mortal by a potion. Not bad. As changes go, it works better than most. Herc meets Meg at the beginning of his hero carreer and falls instantly in love with her and she with him (another deviation from the legend, and a very good improvement.) Of course, because Hera is his mother in this version, she can't be Herc's enemy, so they make his opponent Hades; lord of the dead, which could be worse, as changes go. I've never seen Hades as being all that bad of a guy, but that's how it goes. Then there's the Hydra, which is, if anything, much larger and more powerful than it was originally, so that's good too. Aside from this, however, I have to say I was disappointed with most of the changes. The titans, to start with, were underplayed considerably. It might have been premature to mention that they were Zeus' predecessors, but they could at least have given them powers similar to what they actually had, and a roughly-similar appearance. Oceanus, for example, lashing out with blasts of water from his hands like a fire hose, or Cronos reversing the movements of his olympian enemies would have made for an excellent action sequence, particularly since Hercules didn't beat the titans alone in the original stories, nor does it make sense that he should in this one (grabbing a whirlwind? Come ON now.) I actually didn't mind Hades' used-car-salesman demeanor all that much, though I didn't see a reason why he should have flame-based powers when that's clearly Apollo's territory. Further, I thought most of the Gods and Muses were given no credit at all in terms of their innately glorious nature. Why is this the case? I think Disney made the mistake, in this film, of not just trying to make the legends clean, but FUN as well, and there's nothing fun about war. I'm not saying they couldn't have made the concept work. In fact, I'm saying they could have made it work if they'd toned down the comedy and given the characters a bit of respect (Justice League style.) Still, for what it's worth, this is one of the few movies left in the world that isn't afraid to dwell on the concept of a hero, and for that it's worth at least one viewing. Rent it from your local video store, in my opinion, before you make your decision 
Heavyweights was a quite a disappointment, considering the presence of Ben Stiller. The movie sheds light on a popular summer camp for fat children that unexpectedly finds itself under different management. The new administration will make it clear very soon that some major changes are to take place... The plot and the acting are surprisingly (!) average, while the humor and the dialogues are below average. Ben Stiller's character, a cross between Zoolander and Dodgeball (both being AMAZING movies), was unexpectedly plain and bland. As for the rest of the cast, this film does not seem to be their thing. Though the potential for a great movie was definitely there it fails to take off. A shame really... No masterpiece here. 
Personally, I found this workout extremely difficult to follow; the moves are simply not broken down enough to be understood. After pushing myself to go back to every part I didn't understand, I grew frustrated. Other reviews have mentioned that being able to pick up the moves comes from such repetition, as I have obviously tried, but that technique killed my motivation and the thrill, both of which I believe are integral to any workout. And in my opinion any workout that one pays for should deliver a deserving output; one shouldn't have to teach themselves the moves. To a less significant degree, I agree with the reviews that comment on the "cheesiness" of the video. At first, such cheesiness made me laugh, and then as I grew frustrated, it merely made me further annoyed. What I feel also adds to the cheesiness is instructor Marie Forleo's unsuccessful motivation attempts, which are not only redundant, but suggestive in a most unnecessary way. I don't mean to sound so aggressively negative--I just wish I had been able to learn the moves, because they did look like fun 
Yeeouch! Think "I Spit on Your Grave" with a very good art director. "Audition" for the Lolita set. If you feel Kevin Bacon got off too easy in "The Woodsman," or you enjoy sitting through entire "Law and Order: SVU" marathons on TNT, this film has something for you. Everyone else be advised to stay far, far away 
"Con Express" has lots of action in it, which is great because this hides the poor writing and uninteresting characters. Unfortunately, the action isn't enough, and in between stunt pieces and shoot-outs, the audience is tempted to doze off. City Heat Productions isn't really known for producing films of the highest quality, so usually I go easy on them. If this were a big-budget company producing this, I'd be inclined to pan it entirely. But I wasn't expecting much and got a little more than I bargained for. The action is, for the most part, pretty good but nothing competitive with your usual dumb action movie. Flanery and Vosloo are perfectly casted, but everyone else seems to stiff to add any more flow to the movie. Vosloo especially appears to be enjoying himself as an over-the-top bad guy hijacking a train containing deadly chemicals. The film moves fast and contains shades of better movies like Under Siege 2, Con Air, Spy Game, and Speed. If you liked those, you probably won't mind this one too much. Just go easy on it 
i started liking this movie, i thought the pinball metaphor and wild characters and lifes a cartoon shiz could have worked out, if it werent for the fact that bakshi is thinly disguising himself and his own frustration as being an unoriginal "underground" cartoonist who caught on to the scene too late...if you like the depressing, gritty, wild, fastpaced style of this movie, check out the original master ROBERT CRUMB, toward whom bakshi is obviously seething with jealousy and riding anxiously on the coattails of...this is crap in noncomformity, and dont say i "didnt get it", i just think hes being hugely self-indulgent and this whole thing is an homage gone awry, lacking the wit, psychedelia, and pornographic brillinace that crumb could create so effortlessly. 
Well folks, looks like we may have the most over praised movie of the current millennium right here. ("Crash" comes close, but that film has a lot more detractors than this one, and many of those who liked it seemed to do so because they imagined, somehow, that it would "change the world".) My beefs are not the same as most of those who don't like the film: I don't much care that it may show an unrealistic picture of drug abuse, nor do I find it overly depressing. Fact is, it isn't depressing at all cause I didn't care. It's just boring and annoying, sometimes at different moments, sometimes simultaneously. This not a good combination. All right, here's a plot summary: Jared Leto, Marlon Wayans, Jennifer Connelly and Ellen Burstyn all do drugs, and this really messes up their lives. I hate to give it all away like that, but there it is. The fundamental flaw is this: I don't like any of these people, so their pain doesn't mean anything, and since that is all there is to this movie it absolutely fails to have any sort of effect. Maybe if Aronofsky had put more time in to characterization it would've worked, but now there just isn't anything there. As far as what's actually in the movie, we've got Jared Leto as a stupid chunkhead who has inane conversations with his equally chunkheaded girlfriend Jennifer Connelly, who wants to be a fashion designer, or something. Beyond this we've got Jared's mother, Ellen Burstyn, who is a weird old woman and Marlon Wayans as Leto's friend who deals drugs with him at times and appears headed towards the big leagues. I particularly love how there's no real attempt to make Wayans into a person. He's got one flashback about how he wanted to make his mom proud and that's it. The doubly sad fact is that he's the most likable of the three. He at least displays a little life. Connelly and Leto apparently just wandered here from a Bergman film and are so dull and slow that it's a wonder that the smack doesn't cause them to cease to exist entirely. (Well, Connelly actually does coke, I think, but it fails to liven her up any. Also, I actually *like* the Bergman films I've seen, so that's not really a fair comparison.) They love each other, apparently, but since I don't even like either of them I'm not much interested. Finally, Burstyn is mostly just creepy though her performance does take a turn for the hilarious as she goes off the deep end. Perhaps it wouldn't have been funny if I cared about her, but we've been over that... And I want you people to know that I'm not utterly heartless when it comes to movies. I can care about the characters, but none of these people did anything for me, so the movie's dead in the water. For good counter examples watch "Trainspotting", which has drug-addict characters with enough humor and life to be likable and interesting and "Bubba Ho-Tep", a film which displays the plight of the lonely elderly 50 times better than this film despite being a silly horror-comedy with a mummy in a cowboy outfit in it. On the other hand, neither of those movies is nearly as pretentious as "Requiem For A Dream", so watching them will do nothing to stroke your ego. Still, if that's all you want to kinda find plenty of films better than this one for that purpose. "Requiem For A Dream" isn't helped any by Darren Aronofsky's repetitive, derivative over-direction. The trouble is, this movie hasn't got any plot to distract you from how redundant the visual style is. There's nothing inherently wrong with any of his tactics, but they're hopelessly driven in to the ground, as we see fast-motion a thousand times, quick-cut montages a million times and plenty of wonky camera-attached-to-the-actor junk, and they are, again, impossible not to notice cause the plot sure ain't drawing me in. I imagine that the overdone, repeating visual style is meant as a representation of the endless cycle found in drug use, but that doesn't make it any more pleasant or entertaining to watch. The score suffers from the same problem as they use the same handful of themes over and over. Truth be told, I thought this movie was pretty okay for about the first half, but then it really started to grate on me. It became evident that no, Aronofsky wasn't going to introduce any new visual tricks and no, these characters weren't going to get any more interesting. I looked at the timer continuously for about the last 40 minutes of the film, and was so uninvolved that the supposedly horrifying conclusion where all the characters really get it bad was utterly ineffective. It was kind of uplifting, really: Now that these tedious characters have finally hit rock bottom I can go do something else. Now that's a good ending. Grade: D+ PS This is 500 reviews. I doubt if I will write 500 more, but who knows 
What were they thinking?! There are actually scenes DELETED from the original theatrical release!! The extended edition is an "abomination" if there ever were one. Furthermore, I discourage anyone who has not seen the original from purchasing this product. Seek out the original release because I believe the "original" release included in this set is not of the same quality. David Lynch was right in not becoming involved in this edition 
Here's the "Awful Truth": That you would be willing to let this man, a raving, terminally obese, incoherent highschool dropout, who is to truth what a lead block smeared with ketchup is to cheesecake---that you would let this man literally plunge his hamburger-grease stained mitts into your skull, forming the mushy stuff of your brain into little foamy pink chunks of liberal pabulum. And that you would pay him money to render the service! Yes, you could watch all of the episodes in "The Awful Truth": you would, no doubt, feel smug and superior to all those unenlightened troglodytes who voted for Bush. You might giggle a bit, which is a common side-effect of a political lobotomy. But at the end of the day, it is far better that you take your lead from antiquity: when Oedipus realized his own version of the "Awful Truth"---that he had whacked Pa, gotten jiggy with Ma, and generally made an a** of himself---he stabbed out his own eyeballs. Might I recommend the white-hot iron pokers? JS 
You asked me to rate my transaction and/or the product I ordered. The transaction apparently didn't take place, since I didn't receive the dvd that I ordered. Is that what you wanted to know 
On the face of it, a movie about a suicidal teen who develops a semi-romantic attachment to an ancient woman seems about as "niche" as you can get, but don't overlook this film. The relationship between Harold and Maude is truly endearing, and is as heartbreakingly dear as it is comedic. Through Maude (Ruth Gordon in a role that will forever define the agelessness of the human spirit) we get a truly unique perspective on life, told in such a gracefully sweet way that we cannot help but fall in love with her. If you like Igby Goes Down (a modern interpretation of Catcher in the Rye) you'll get much the same feeling from Harold and Maude, which is not so much a "coming of age" movie as a funny-but-deep look at love in all its splendours 
It's a [more vulnerable] Patton in a white coat, running a hospital, and it's all great fun, with a good story from an Oscar-winning script. You have to love it when Scott dresses down a bureaucratic nurse in that gravelly bellow. You half-expect him to finish her off with "There are brave men DYING out there!" 
Awesome College Movie. My only regret is that I did not see this movie during my college years. Alas, they have the DVD now! Yay! 
A poorly-conceived, poorly put together mess. Don't bother 
Unless you enjoy movies that are not funny, not scary, and have the worst actors this side of rodeo clowns, DO NOT WATCH this series of horrible flicks. Putrid! Not even "so-bad-it's-funny". Absolutely the worst films in the history of mankind! Heed my warning! SUCKS!! 
Okay, how many of you liked cheerleaders in your school or anybody who tried out for pageants? Unless you were one of the misery causing bee-otches, you didn't. This movie not only effectively makes fun of the way girls treat each other in the pageant arena, but takes a good crackshot at the mothers (Kirstie Alley's character is a real gem!). It also makes fun of the people in Minnesota. I see lots of reviewers from that state whining about this film, but heard the term "midwest" used far more often. We feel your pain, but I would have laughed had they picked my state (which is very close to MN). They poke fun at hunters, Lutherans (yes, I'm one), and lutefisk for lunch in high school (I'm also of Norwegian decent). The most fun to be had is the way this movie spoofs how nasty women can be regardless of class warfare, and what lengths some of them will go to just to get their way. Funny and dead-on like the nailhead beneath a hammer, this movie is a nasty and fun treat for everyone who has ever been treated badly by the so-called local uppercrust. Enjoy 100 minutes of vengeance, and then go out into the world feeling better about the fact that you're definitely not alone! 
The DVD for The Golden Coach is for the most part fine, but the final minutes, which are crucial to the full impact of the film, are ruined by deplorable mastering. The scene appears to be out of focus and the colors are washed out to the point of barely being able make out what is happening. I believe Criterion made some kind of mastering error, because Martin Scorsese's introduction to the film explicitly refers to the wonderful restored ending of the film. Criterion should withdraw the DVD and offer a replacement 
Five Gen-X yuppies (yup, they're old enough to be that now) reunite for the funeral of one of their friends. What ensues is a parody of The Big Chill, complete with bad 80s music. Then mysterious bugs that disintegrate in bright light start infesting them one by one, turning them into murderous zombies. So far, so eccentric, and the satire is sometimes very funny. The FX are so bargain-basement, however, and the plotting so loose, that the film loses direction and winds uup just going through the motions in the last half-hour after a rather promising set-up. Zach Galligan must have been really hungry for work when he chose to do this movie. The menu is basic, and the only extras are trailers for Infested, Anaconda, and the Creature Features series. I like the wit. Now if only a bit more attention had been paid to the horror plot, and we might have something here 
This set is one of the better Jurassic Park sets. Each disk contains a lot of extras, many of which are fun to watch. Fans of the trilogy that have yet to buy the DVDs will find this set a great one to have. "Jurassic Park" introduced us to digital dinosaurs and how fearsome they could be with modern computer technology. This movie advanced horror and monster movies in a method similar to the way "Alien" advanced science fiction movies. "Jurassic Park" immediately became an audience favorite and the new standard by which special effects would be judged. Stephen Spielberg effectively combined in-your-face terror with special effects to keep people at the edge of their seats and in awe of life-like creatures dinosaurs. "The Lost World" unfortunately did not measure up to "Jurassic Park." Many of the characters were unbelievable and there were too many plot holes that were too readily visible to make the movie enjoyable from beginning to end. While there were several parts of the movie that were well-done, there were at least as many parts where the actions of the characters were unrealistic. The bumps in the actions of the characters just did not allow me to focus on the plot throughout. Another problem with this movie is that it focused too much on action, and very little on the characters themselves. Thus, the movie comes across as more of a cartoon than a horror movie. "Jurassic Park III" simplified the plot, added new dinosaurs, and allowed the characters to develop more than "The Lost World." The short length of the movie forced the movie to be simpler than the previous movie, and that simplicity makes for a good movie. The best new dinosaur in this movie had to be the pteranodons, though the spinosaur was great also. The characters in this movie generally acted as I would expect them to, and there were fewer outright acts of stupidity. Even the theft of a raptor egg was done in ignorance. So while it was a convenient plot device, you would expect something like that by someone with only minimal knowledge of dinosaurs. I was very happy to see Sam Neill returning in the role of Dr. Alan Grant. His character particularly is very believable. Enjoy! 
I dont understand why they didnt put the videos in like when it was on tv. The videos were the best part! I asume its because mtv didn't want to pay royalties to the bands, so they called it the "Mike Judge Collection" and left them out. Uh, That Sucks 
This one is a classic not only to the general public but among submarine sailors as well. It is considered the greatest of all submarine movies and with good reason. Almost the entire plot is onboard and underway. The tensions that rise from long periods at sea and personality clashes among a large group of strong-willed and independently-minded men is real. It is a must have for the second world war movie buff and submarine movie collectors. The acting is superb and perfectly cast in each role. The dramatic interaction of the characters will keep this one a classic for ages to come 
It's hard for me to believe that so many people think this is a brilliant and startling film. How could you not know that eating so much fast food is unhealthy? If this film is considered groundbreaking then I fear for our Republic 
In spite of the thin plot line and the volumptous semi naked women, the comedian Bernie Mac stole this picture! He played his part of the low life, club owning, hustler with perfect timing and high humor. He made this movie enjoyable to watch 
I was really looking forward to this, I've seen Cheap Trick live, and they really put on a good show. I don't know how some of the other reviewers can give this 5 stars for audio. It is like listening to a concert in an empty warehouse - muffled audio, and underpowered vocals. I have a 5.1 home system and this is probably the worst sounding concert DVD that I've ever heard. I'm giving it 2 stars because I think it was a good show to see live (if you were there), but the audio quality (or lack of it) ruined it for me 
I have still not received this product and am being bounced from staff to staff by DHL Global Mail. This is a ridiculous and unacceptable situation. I will never use Amazon again, I feel cheated 
Not a bad movie...not a great movie. Ellen Brustyn was great 
I have always like Denise Austin, however; this was tape was way too fast for a beginner. I thought it was for beginner and on up. Denise went way to fast and she did not explain the poses at all. I will not be using this tape. I was disappointed because normally I love her videotapes and her. 
I first watched this performance on PBS Great Performances. It is amazing. I'm very happy to finally find a complete version of the stage show on DVD. Rachel York does a top-notch performance in the leading role. The rest of the cast is up to par. There have been other reviews that say the music is dated, or other such nonsense, but do not pay heed to them. Premiered in 1948, the musical is based on The Taming of the Shrew (Shakespeare), and the music and lyrics are done by Cole Porter. Sometimes referred to as his masterpiece (which I agree with), the production never drags or disappoints. The lyrics are extremely witty (a trademark of Porter). The music keeps you humming along for days. 
One of the best films I have seen: captures the lack of humanity and humanity of this world simaltaneously. Humanises conflict. Has the ability to make you laugh and cry. Draws attention to the plight of children and humanises the children of the Middle East. I would recommend this film to everyone with a conscience as essential viewing. Having said that, it did plunge me into depression so perhaps I should urge caution 
Every minute characters in this series try to remind you of some plot point as if you're a short-attention span coach potatoe. Ehhh, ah yes, you are. Well, watch this and your life will pass by quicklier than already does. Two or three nice ideas, the rest is very superficial and underutilized. Probably there was an exec there that keeped destroying the good work of other people. What I would do with a tenth of the budget of this misfire! 
As I have found with most Baby Einstein movies, this one engages my very active 10-month-old baby enough for her to sit for a period of time to enjoy. While I know that watching tv too much is unhealthy, she will not even give regular television a second gland (which I'm glad about). However, there are times when I need her to be more calm like when I change a diaper, try feeding new foods, and right before and after naps. These movies have been lifesavers to me. This one in particular is nice because it is introducing the body by identifying the same parts on babies and animals. I love to give her a bath and do the "head and shoulders, knees and toes" song with her and point to the different parts. She also loves to stand in front of a mirror and we'll point out our eyes, mouths, etc. This movie is a great introduction for babies and toddlers to understand their body parts. 
This is a great kid's movie with a lot of characters and a great story plot. It's a good combination of a musical and a story with good characters and characters that do not make good choices :-) I would suggest not over thinking the story line, it's a kid's movie after all. And no its not all about the flying cars, believe me even a two year old is capable of appreciating more! 
I'd seen this film before, in a lesser unrestored edition, and wasn't that impressed. Sure there's some over-the-top moments worth a chuckle or two, but the majority of the film is pretty leaden and dull. Hardly the unintentional laugh riot it's reputed to be. Thanks to Mike Nelson's biting commentary, however, now the film really is funny. Damn funny. Which is why I demand we pass legislation, the sooner the better, requiring Mike Nelson commentaries on every major DVD release from here on out. He may be Hollywood's last best hope, the only man who can save excrement like Mission Impossible 3 and Lady in the Water from heading straight to the bargain racks. (Okay, maybe I'm overrating Mike's abilities just a bit - nothing short of an Old Testament-style miracle could scrape the stink off of Lady in the Water - but if Lucas gave him a crack at Episodes 1-3, I think we'd be looking at pure marketing gold. C'mon Lucas, you know you can't resist any excuse to re-release yet another DVD version of your little sci-fi sextology. Give the man a call. 
This has not aged well. The scripts are silly, the acting is of the "chewing up the scenery" variety. Gale Storm no longer seems cute; she comes across as annoyingly perky. Spend your money on something else 
I've seen this movie on TV a few years ago, but it just wouldn't leave my mind, so I ordered the DVD. It's one of those movies you won't forget, because everyone of us has some kind of 'coach', as Mitchell calls it. Morrie is a great coach, and if you watch this movie, you will see why it is so heartbreaking. An old, wise man, a long lost friend, who teaches the last course in his life. At home. One student. A must have seen 
Peirce really suprised me in this movie. He was always so "pretty" in his movies, he showed that he can play "dirty". An unlikely "friendship" developes between a regular guy and a hired killer. Pierce, the hired killer, is getting older and less steady on the trigger, could it be that years of murdering is weighing heavy on his concience, or that he is close to his retirement years and dosen't have a real friend in this whole stinkin' world because of the business he's in. Either way, he's like a man in a desert who forgot to bring water. Unusual buddy film, but, it works! Enjoy 
I have found Pick Your Spot Pilates to be absolutely perfect! I can choose which spot I want to work-out for the day or do them all. I usually walk first then add a 10 minute Pilate workout to wrap it up while my muscles are still warm. I would highly recommend this workout video 
It is a shame that American film classics ( like L and H) get more attention and love outside of the US than in it. I just bought the Universal Laurel and Hardy 21 Volume Box set which is only available in Europe from Amazon UK (region 2). This set is EVERYTHING people are saying it is. It is a complete film history of the boys which starts with the boys early silent films ( some solo efferts) and goes though the Hal Roach Features. All the prints are restored and of pristine quality. A truly beautiful set and a worthy tribute to the boys. There are some missing films ( I assume for copyright reasons) such as Babes in Toyland, The Devils Brother, Bonnie Scotland and Flying Deuces. To acomadate these DVDs I bought a region free DVD player off Amazon,which is the only way to go if you really want to collect. The DVD player was very cheap. plays beautfully and is well worth the investment. As a side note if you have a region free player all the DVDs in the Universal Box set are also availble as single dics, in case you don't want to spend all the money at once or just want a few of the films. If you love Laurel and Hardy this is the only way to go! Anything to screw Hallmark and the corperate monster!! Why did they buy these great films just to sit on them and distribute half-A prints!!! 
The only thing that kept this from being ABSOLUTELY predictable was that a dead bad guy did NOT spring back to life. I found myself saying "Oh come on" to one plot point after another (previous reviewers have covered these absurdities). The underlying scenario was unconvincing and un-involving (previous reviews in this thread provide details) 
Believe Dooby's one(zero) star review. Not even worth a FREE rental. Not worth your precious time. You have been warned 
This is a fun art house movie. Fun because the script is tight and the acting top notch and you know from the start you are in the hands of a good director. Just the kind of thing you want from a night at an art house: not a message movie like many such films but instead in-your-face film making - and three cheers for that. Campbell Scott plays the smooth player who tutors his nephew Nick (Jesse Eisenberg) on how to get laid. The action takes place mostly in one night of bar and party hopping. This script is so good that any bar lizard could learn from the lines and strategy used by Scott's character. Scott's character is an accomplished and dedicated player who never sees the wrong in his ways and that is the delicious and honest part of the film. One review talked about the player venting his anger at women but my take was that he stayed in control the entire movie, venting naturally (and within limits) when he was thrown over by his boss/lover. Like him or hate him, the player is a pro from beginning to end. The viewer has to decide whether he likes or dislikes women. In the final analysis what matters is how well Campbell Scott's character plays the game and he is a rodger dodger in an age of Politically Correct repression. How refreshing! Five stars out of five 
I found this dvd to be very slow. There is only one workout on the tape and it is only 20 minutes long. Most of this time is spent talking, not streching 
THE BAD I can't say I dislike this item, but I did not like it either. Even though I'm still a novice golfer (score between 95-105) and been playing for about 18 months, I've read a lot of golf fundamentals articles and studied like 4 other DVDs ...(yes I'm an instruction junky) and I can say that this instrutor (Simon Holmes) misses to point out many important fundamental factors that influence a good swing, and even though I like how the DVD has a well structured lesson category listing, he does not explain deeply enough on many things. The filming production seems to have a good intention for this DVD, but it lacks camera closeups/slowmotions on the ball, clubhead, ball lies and graphical enhancements for better understanding of what he want's to explain. I mean with today's technology on DVD production, this seems to be a cheap one. THE GOOD He has very good tips on many subjects that I think they're transparent for a very beginner. If this is not your first instructional DVD, and just want to gather a new bunch of tips, then buy it. Otherwise a better selection that I can reccomend for a complete golf school DVD, is the Wally Armstrong's Ultimate Golfing Experience. The set is very cheap because it's a compilation of old '80s and 90'videos from that instructor, and from the 5 DVD's in the box, you can thrash 2 if you like, but for $17 bucks...HEY!! is worth it! I hope this helps and saves you some money 
Lemon and Curtis are a great team - "Some Like It Hot" and "The Great Race." In this movie we have great melodrama and the ageless story of boy meets girl (Natalie Wood) and she catches him. The star-studded cast is enhanced by the superb acting of Peter Falk in one of his great comic roles, the hapless Maximillian always catching the short end of the stick by his perpetually out-of-sorts boss, the permanently crabby Professor Fate (Lemon). Curtis does what he does best - looks dashing and debonoir in a role so familiar to him he could phone it in. This DVD is a collector and one of my all-time top ten favorites 
This stability ball workout is definitely a more advanced routine and is not for beginners. This was the first stability ball DVD that I purchased and became quickly frustrated with the routine due to the level. If you are a beginner, I would recommend Leslie Sansone's You can do Stability Ball training. If you are a beginner or more advanced, I would recommend Denise Austin's Shrink the Female Fat Zone or the QuickFix Stability Ball training. My all time favorite DVD for the stability ball is Denise Austin. This is by far my least favorite. 
If you have ever come across a Home Movies episode, maybe at about 3 am on Comedy Central, hopefully you immediately recognized the transcendent hilarity and quickly began devoting the rest of your life to enjoying more episodes. If that did not happen, buy the Season 3 dvd's because Brendan Small is just immensely funny and enjoyable. The Renaissance Fair episode is unbelievable 
This review is more about the "SuperBit" transfer of the movie to DVD than the movie itself. The movie itself is great and I highly recommend it. However, the transfer on to this 2002 "SuperBit" version is very lacking in several areas. The SUPERBIT idea is a good one that is poorly executed on this transfer. The original intent was to maximize video and audio quality by limiting or even eliminating extra features (like trailers, documentaries, featurettes, and "Making-Of" snippets) to reserve space such that the movie can be presented in the highest quality. They have failed to do that here. The video and audio quality are not what they could be. First, the movie is encoded onto a DVD-9 RSDL disc. This means the DVD is capable of storing 9.5 GB of data. However, not even 6 GB is used. As a result, the video and audio quality is not what it could be. "Panic Room" is a 112 minute movie. Any movie that is 2 hours long or less should be able to easily fit on a DVD-9 disc at maximum encoding rate, provided no extra features are placed on the disc. The maximum video encoding rate to fit a 2 hour (or less) movie onto a DVD-9 disc is 9.8 Mbps. However, this SuperBit version averages only 6.5 Mbps. This SuperBit version offers audio encoding in 3 types: Dolby 2.0 Surround 192kbps, Dolby Digital 5.1, and DTS 5.1. At first glance this is great news, until you discover that the DTS encoding isn't as high quality as it could be. The DD 2.0 Surround is presented at a bitrate of 192bkps as expected. So is the DD 5.1 at the expected 384kbps rate. DTS 5.1 can go as high as 1536 kbps, but on this disc is presented at only 768 kbps. This is unsatisfactory given the fact that one-third of the available disc space of the DVD-9 isn't even used. The DTS encoding rate should be at least 1024 kbps for a movie like this. This would represent a 33% increase in filespace for the audio portion, but a much larger increase in audio quality to the human ear. The filespace increase would be only about 256 MB, which is very reasonable when you have over 3 GB of space not even being used. If they had encoded "Panic Room" on this SuperBit disc at an average video bitrate of 9.5 Mbps, and removed the trailers and features, they would have had enough space to present all three audio encodings above, especially the DTS 5.1 encoding at the 1024 kbps rate I stated. Such an encoding process would have used 9.4 GB of the 9.5 GB of available space. A much better way to fill up the DVD-9 disc and adhere to the spirit of the SuperBit ideal. The result would have been a movie encoded to DVD-9 at a much higher video and audio quality than what was presented on this disc. I notice that they will be offering a repackaged SuperBit version in October 2006. Hopefully that version will fix the flaws I just mentioned and present the movie in the highest encoding rate both video-wise and audio-wise. It might even offer the better DD-EX 6.1 and DTS-ES 6.1 audio encodings for that extra rear center channel that many A/V receivers can process now. Another thing I am noticing is that many times, for popular movies, they are released them in 2-disc editions. The first disc contains only the movie and the second disc is all the extra stuff. If the movie contains both DD and DTS encodings on the first disc, with a very high video bitrate of 9.0 Mbps or greater, it is already in the SuperBit mold. 
I really did; i would watch it almost everyday! It was my favorite movie back then! I held this tradition until... (sob)... my mom threw away our copy! I don't CARE if the tape was old! I still wanna see it! (I'm gonna buy it on DVD soon! ^_^) Fluke is a great movie the whole family can enjoy. It's an original story that should make you cry. It even has a pretty funny ending! I can't wait to see this movie again... anyway, this movie is about a man who dies in a car-crash and gets reincarnated as a dog--I know a lot of peeps out there that don't believe in reincarnation but just remember, this is fiction--anyway, as he grows older, he wants to see his wife and kid even more. He decides to find them. He one day sees them in a parking lot (and can't remember what they did, the last time I saw this movie was a couple years ago) and he ran up to the car window and scared his wife. She told him to shoo and after a while he got off the car and watched them drive away (i think). I sadly can't remember what happened after that but I know he goes to his house and his son asks if they can keep him for a pet. The mother agrees, reluctantly. I dont remember a lot of the rest but i know he meets another guy that was reincarnated as a dog and they become friends...and...uh...NO! I NEED TO WATCH THE MOVIE AGAIN!!! I just bought the book, so after I read the book, I plan to watch the movie. BWA HA HA~~!!! Anyway, it's a fun-filled movie. Watch it 
This continuation of the Anne series on screen is very well done, and captures the flavor of the characters and story as well as the first installment did. The only problem is that it drastically condenses the three books it supposedly covers. What it really does is just focus on a few key incidents, and drastically truncates Anne's college and teaching experiences. Morgan Harris and family have been created to very basically cover the story components of Roy Gardner, Sophy Sinclair, Old Mrs. Gibson and Pauline, and Elizabeth. This installment ends with Anne and Gilbert becoming engaged. I highly recommend it - just don't expect the same level of detail as "Anne of Green Gables" provided 
When I first found the Broadway Lost Treasure Serier on Amazon, I nearly jumped up and down in my seat. Any Broadway clips that I can get a hold of I definitly must get. I bought Broadway Lost Treasure I and Broadway Lost Treasures II together. I must say the performances were very good, just because you can't call broadway bad. The way the performances were put together, however, was boring and gave off cheaply made vibes. Dont get me wrong the hosts were fantastic(Jerry Orbach,Angela Lansbery.etc)some of my favorite people, but I wanted I little bit more background information on the shows and things like that. Overall, I encourage purchasing Broadway Lost Treasures II(and the first one),if you keep an open mind. If you dont know alot about broadway, then this will bore you to tears. This is not what you should purchase if you want to learn more about broadway. If you are more interested in learning more about broadway, rather than just seeing performances, then I would buy "Broadway: The American Musical" (which can be found on Amazon). 
I loved Gone with the Wind. This movie lets the lovers of Gone with the Wind know what happens. It is a great ending. But set your mind and be aware that the Rhett leaves something to be desired and Scarlett too...but it is a good movie and I love knowing the ending 
This movie will bring up your racial prejudices in ways that most movies just elude to. It demonstrates how connected we all are as people, and how seperated we are by only one thing - our viewpoints. The acting is superb, and you get one cameo appearance after another, which is a treat. Of course, the soundtrack is terrific. The ending is intense to witness, one situation after another coming to an unfortunate finish. 
If you are a Dale Jr fan,this dvd is for you!! I'm a hardcore fan and I loved this.It shows the other side of Dale off the track,him with his buddies and just hangin out.He lets you into his life which it pretty neat considering not many other drivers have done that.In the hidden footage you even get to see his cat Bud which adorable!!!He shows off his new home and the shop 
This is an intriguing movie that compels the viewer to search for the film's deeping meaning. I am sure that I missed much of that meaning. However, one aspect of it is painful clear. The crux of this movie centers on the premise that seemingly innocent women can be sexually exploited and over time they were come to accept and thrive on that exploitation. I found that premise disturbing and unrealistic. Also, it left me with the fear that women hating men could use that premise to justify their abuse of the opposite sex. If so, this movie could contribute, in a small way, to the perpetuation of the subjugation of women or at least the fantasy thereof. Watch this movie if you must, but be critical of its assumptions about male/female relationships. 
Wasted talent. None of the characters are believable in the roles they are portraying. Some funny stuff. Craig Ferguson can do better. Charlotte Church should stick to singing as acting is not her forte. Every thing in this movie seems forced and there is no chemistry between the characters 
Capsule reviewer Sam Graham (above) is one king-sized jerk! Tears For Fears and Swing Out Sister are two of the best acts that came out of the '80s and they are still going strong today! The videos on this collection are some of the most obvious, but enjoyable nevertheless. It would be nice if Amazon would hire somebody to write for them who at least had a little common sense when it comes to music, instead of some supposedly "hip" idiot 
It is a Gene Kelly vehichle and there are three wartime buddies, but that's pretty much where the "On The Town" similarities end. It is a surprisingly sharp, cynical story in which the protagonist's dreams do *not* initially come true- due to life circumstances. Betty Comden and the late Adolph Green- responsible for so many great film scores as well as the scripts of "Auntie Mame," "Bells Are Ringing," and "What A Way To Go-" contribute very witty songs here, including the Danubian tri-liloquy sung by the guys and Dolores Gray's "Thanks A Lot, But No Thanks" and "Music Is Better than Words (delivered with a rich, smooth contralto)." I wish Kelly and Charisse had danced together (the omission makes the film appear a bit empty), but my favorite numbers are still his garbage-can dance through the streets and her sexy sweater-and-skirt dance with the boxers, "Baby, You Knock Me Out." And I would've liked the roller-skating finale better if it didn't have a big, looming, piece of the "Singin' In The Rain" set in the background 
The novel of Wide Sargasso Sea was decent book. A re-writing of Jane Eyre's Bertha. But the film is really hard to tolerate. It starts out ok. Although it seems to start deviating from the book early on. Past the point where Antoinette marries Rochester the film turns in to nothing but soft porn and the acting gets worse too. 
I don't usually like romance films, but 2046 is brilliant! A mind trip AND sensual candy! If you have a short attention span, you will not appreciate this work of art. But if the first half draws you in, the second half will BLOW YOUR MIND! Wong Kar Wai sets up analogies between the relationships of each character. By comparing characters in this way, we are given infinite perspectives on the characters and their emotions. This is genius! This is art! Full of colorful symbolism 
Unfortunately, I was sent a standard American copy of the movie which, of course, doesn't function on a european system, despite my adress beeing in Switzerland. So I was kind of disapointed to have a)lost the money b)not been able to watch the movie. One is wrong to assume that every european household is having an american compatible DVD player. 
Great movie. The problem is in the medium of delivery. There are 2 dvds in the package. Each dvd contains approximately 1/2 of the movie. The audience/customer would be better served if the entire movie was on one dvd. In addition, the 2nd dvd is defective. The scene where Alexander's father is assasinated consists of some normal footage, many lengthy 'still' pictures, no picture at all for a period of time, and a short period that looked like satelite feed was breaking -- all on a dvd that's supposed to be flawless 
Controversy courted the release of this film and people went to see it for the actual depictions of sex between the actors, thinking somehow it would be pornographic or titillating. But this film showed two desperate, middle-aged strangers (with all their flaws abundantly clear) meeting once a week for no-strings-attached encounters. The fact that the audience sees graphic moments adds only to the "desperate", tawdry, pathetic feel of their relationship. Naturally, one of the two of them becomes too curious and wants to know more about the other partner, one of the greatest pitfalls in the dangerous pursuit of anonymous encounters: sooner or later, anonymity is not good enough anymore. 
The plot of "Hard Target" has been summarized in previous reviews, so I'll limit myself to discussing my favorite part. "Hard Target's" claim to fame when it came out was that it was John Woo's first American film, and that's certainly a big deal. (I just saw "Hard Boiled" the other day, and I'd need seven dictionaries to describe that glorious mess.) But it boggles my mind that Lance Henriksen's jaw-dropping death scene doesn't land right at the top of every review of this movie. I mean... (spoiler alert) the dude has a grenade dropped into his pants. He manages to get the grenade *out* of his pants before it explodes. And then he throws it away from him, right? Wrong! He UNSCREWS the grenade, hoping to separate the fuse from the explosive. And he DOES separate them before the grenade goes off and starts laughing in triumph. But he holds the fuse like two inches from the explosive and... THE SPARK JUMPS ACROSS! Funny enough already, but L.H. makes this shocked "Whu..." sound that is more hysterical than the entire first season of the Daily Show. Right before blowing up. It's absolutely brilliant. 
wonderful season! funny episodes....can't laugh enough on this season.....i'm waiting for the next one! 
viewed it 1st was disappointed knodded my head in disbelief while watching,waiting,hoping!!!,the second time i tried to keep awake but could not keep my eyes open long enough, must of been those gravity waves in interstellar space out there in umm well you get the picture.My advise is for you to save your money and buy comos (the best imo)To be honest, i couldn't wait to sell it used at a $10 lose through amzn.the following week(they get a commission for sold items)nonetheless,i am content i no longer own it.Next time i will rent before purchasing on amzn. Just So you know, "cosmos" i can watch over and over for years as this was my first box set from amzn..the late carl sagans"cosmos" blows away "the astronomer" 
Ronald Reagan might have gotten the nickname of the "Gipper" from this 1940 bio-pic of legendary Notre Dame football coach Knute Rockne, but it was veteran character actor Pat O'Brien who had the role of a lifetime in the lead. James Cagney had lobbied hard for the role, but when the actor signed a petition supporting the Republican (and anti-Catholic) government in the Spanish Civil War, Notre Dame refused to okay him for the part. This was the first of only two movies ever filmed on the campus in South Bend, and if you do know that the other one was "Rudy" you should at least have been able to guess it had to be that one. "Knute Rockne All American", which was added to the National Film Registry in 1997, is a fairly standard bio-pic, evincing the almost documentary style that was standard at the time. We see how the young Rockne (played by Johnny Sheffield, a.k.a. Boy in the Johnny Weissmuller Tarzan movies) learned to love football, revolutionized the game with the forward pass, and coached his alma mater to glory with the Four Horsemen and George Gipp. The result is a long series of episodes from Rockne's life that have varying degrees of appeal, such as when he picks up the idea for his backfield shift from watching chorus girls dance and experiments with the idea using his wife and their dinner guests. Lots of footage of actual Notre Dame games are worked into the film, although I have no way of knowing if any of it is of the actual games being portrayed (I would be curious to know). O'Brien's performance seems a tad wooden, but if you have ever seen actual film clips of Rockne you know he is in the ballpark. A lot of the charm of this film comes from the ethos of the original Rockne, an American legend who was probably the first famous victim of an airplane crash. The result is not great, but certainly compelling (plus we all learn the correct pronunciation of his name as being Ka-Nute). Reagan's supporting role is deservedly memorable. That same year he would get to play third banana George Armstrong Custer to Errol Flynn and Olivia DeHavilland in "The Santa Fe Trail" and would provide his best performance in "King's Row" before military service in World War II effectively derailed his acting momentum and ultimately set his life on a different path. Final Note: While there is little doubt that Rockne invented the forward pass, there is debate over one aspect of this film. In his first scene as George Gipp, Reagan is sitting around doing nothing when Rockne orders him to go in at halfback to play against the varsity and run the ball. Gipp asks "How far?" and proceeds to run it back all the way. After crossing the goal line he bounces the ball off the endzone, instead of laying it down for the "touchdown." An argument has been made that this was the first spike in the history of football. At least it is the first "recorded" spike. Did the current tradition of choreographed celebrations all stem from what Ronald Reagan did in this 1940 film? You decide if that is yet another part of the Reagan legacy that is being reconsidered this week 
I first saw this as a child during an "afternoon movie" event at my gradeschool. Little did I understand then how well the film emphasizes the basics of parenting, nor did I appreciate the subtle moral of the film, namely that good guys sometimes do finish first, by the very nature of their untainted goodness. Oh, sure, I rooted for Charlie and his uncle, the poorest of the poor, simply trying to make ends meet. And who didn't despise Veruca Salt, the bratty English tart--with a pushover for a father--who acted like the world was her private oyster? But having recently purchased and viewed this movie on DVD with my wife and little daughter, I was dazzled at how magical the Chocolate Factory still is, even in our age of CG film wizardry. And without having seen the new version, I can't help but think that even the versatile Johnny Depp is not up to the task of leaping Gene Wilder's timeless portrayal of the candy tycoon, Willy Wonka. More impressive was the fact that this movie clearly dates from a time in hollywood when filmmakers were not above delivering straightforward, old-fashioned morality tales with universal appeal. Several deadly sins are on display throughout this film, including gluttony, vanity, greed, and avarice; and the end results of these unchecked urges are plain to young and old alike. The lessons for children and parents are hilariously and sometimes embarrassingly illustrated, and I have to wonder if this has been preserved in the new film, or scuttled for some altogether more nebulous message more in tune with the 21st century postmodernism that Hollywood has embraced? I'll have to check it out. Meanwhile, see the classic, and be charmed all over again 
this is a movie directed and played by a guy with unsalvageable narcissus complex. always dreamed himself as a modern day casanova in n.y., just like that george kastansa character in 'seifield', a big lover, a womanizer, a baldy forever young romeo. almost all of the screenplays he wrote, the movies he directed, the characters he played were all like this. i just don't know how women would fall for him in the least sense and possibility, only if in his wet dreams. this is a very nauseating movie. all of his movies are almost the same, only the movie titles changed. the only one i liked is his recent 'match point', nothing else. and i felt lucky this guy was too old to play that role now, otherwise, he wouldn't allow anyone else to play that ambitious murderer but him. 
I saw this movie yesterday thinking it'd be exciting. I sure am glad that I survived after watching this terrible excuse for a movie. There's no story line, the acting is pathetic, whoever gave Vin Diesel the idea that he can act. Like an earlier reviewer observes it's about who's dumber the guys who made this movie or the ones who gave it a good review 
This 1971 black comedy is still a stitch, even if it doesn't feel as audacious as I'm sure it once did. Directed by the maverick Hal Ashby, it is the epitome of all opposites-attract love stories as a twenty-year old depressive connects with a 79-year old life-loving woman. They actually bond over their mutual interest in death, as they keep showing up at the same funerals. However, the root of their respective interests couldn't be more different - Maude shows up to reconfirm how lucky she feels to be alive, while the hearse-driving Harold simply likes the morbidity of it all. The plot is really about their burgeoning relationship, while his mother constantly attempts to make the death-obsessed Harold more socially acceptable. First, she uselessly sets him up on a series of blind dates. To foil any hope of romance with these women, however, he stages mock-suicides which simply perturbs rather than disturbs his mother. She then recruits an ineffectual analyst and even has her brother Victor, a hawkish officer and Vietnam War amputee, to try to convince Harold to join the Army. The episodic structure of the story by Collin Higgins (years before becoming a director in his own right with "Foul Play" and "Nine to Five") allows the characters to develop in subtle ways with a completely deadpan approach despite the outward shenanigans of the characters' actions. The movie eventually moves toward a greater gravitas but despite some soap opera elements, surprisingly not at the expense of the pervasive whimsical tone. Ruth Gordon is her typically pixilated self, an archetype she played for years afterward, while Bud Cort is terrific in conveying his particular brand of wide-eyed cynicism. It's really their unforced chemistry that keeps the film feeling fresh 35 years later. There are funny sideline performances by Vivian Pickles as Harold's eye-rolling mother, Ellen Geer as an overly actressy blind date named Sunshine, and Eric Christmas in a very funny cameo as a disapproving priest. Cat Stevens' soundtrack hasn't aged as well as, say, Simon and Garfunkel's music in "The Graduate", but it still works as a folkish commentary on the quirky proceedings. Unfortunately, the 2000 DVD contains a rather compromised print and there are no extras included 
I didn't think it would be that great and only saw it for Joshua Jackson, but the plot twists were really good and I enjoyed it a lot. And of course, Kate Hudson, whom I adore, (even though I didn't pay much attention to her in this one). But yeah, I really liked the end. And this is where I first heard of Norman Reedus. Then I saw the Boondock Saints. :-D This is a good movie and is very underappreciated. 
The plot to this movie or so called sequal is horrible. I rented this movie expecting something good and I end up falling asleep. I actually had to watch it several times just to find out what really happened. Don't even buy it, it is a waist of your money 
This movie is fantastic! It is defo on my fav list. One of the best! 
"The Bells of St. Mary's" was a shrewd move by Paramount Studios and director Leo McCarey, whose successful prequel film about the likable and practical Catholic priest Father O'Malley, "Going My Way", spawned the 1945 release, which included an additional element that provided the basis for an interesting psychological conflict. Irish Catholic McCarey was impressed by letters he received from movie fans who enjoyed "Going My Way" and suggested that he do a similar film showcasing the role that nuns played in the Catholic world inhabited by Father O'Malley. Bing Crosby had garnered a Best Actor Oscar for "Going My Way" and McCarey secured the services of the beautiful Ingrid Bergman to play Sister Benedict, the Mother Superior of St. Mary's School. Crosby found himself immediately clashing with Bergman on certain points relating to the parish, but through it all a mutual respect existed between them. Each realized that the other was committed to the best interests of St. Mary's. Dudley Nichols, a Best Original Screenplay Academy Award winner a decade earlier for the John Ford film about the Irish political conflict starring Victor McLaglen, "The Informer", directed his effort in the script toward presenting Crosby and Bergman in periodic conflict, but learning from those experiences. Much of the contrast, they realize, stems from the way that men and women view situations. One phase of the film showing this difference is when Bergman teaches a young student who has been victimized by a bully how to box as a means of restoring order. She feels a tinge of guilt since the youngster's failure to fight back and receipt of a beating in the process stemmed from his obedience to her stricture against fighting at St. Mary's. When Crosby pursues a conventional macho posture in extolling the need for protecting oneself and praises the fighting skills of the bully, the nun has had enough. She purchases a boxing instructional book written by former heavyweight champion Gene Tunney and adeptly instructs the obedient youngster in the manly art of self-defense as he ultimately teaches the bully a lesson. Crosby recognizes her teaching skill and becomes cognizant of the strength of her feminine viewpoint. An area where Crosby and Bergman cooperate is in seeking the answer to the nun's fervent prayer. She believes that of the mortgage holder of their property, Henry Travers, who has built a modern building next door and seeks to use the church property for an employee parking lot, may through prayer and proper persuasion be convinced to give them his modern structure. The result would be a new school and no further need to use the tired current facility. The effectiveness of Crosby and Bergman stems from their soft sell technique with just the right pinch of Christian charitable thought thrown into the mix. Travers, who cannot sleep nights and experiences heart problems, confides to the priest and nun separately that he wishes he was better liked. Their soft sell approach in advancing the "It is more blessed to give than to receive" precept along with the accompanying feel good element of charity prompts Travers to see things in a light more favorable to the interests of St. Mary's. Crosby and Bergman are delights to behold in this feel good film. They provide challenges to each other through disagreement and an effective front when they team up on the issue of greatest importance to them, the welfare of St. Mary's parish. 
Kickboxer came out a year after the highly popular "Bloodsport" and like Bloodsport, Kickboxer is no doubt a "Van Damme classic". There are plenty of fights and lots of good training sequences, however the acting suffers - worse than Bloodsport in that department. As for the plot - revenge - go figure. But we don't need good acting and plot to enjoy this movie. Hey, it came to the point a good american martial art movie strives off of bad acting and weak plots so you can focus more on the action. Fortunately, Kickboxer delivers it well. The movie begins with a couple of good fights right away. About 1/2 of the movie is training sequences, but many are enjoyable to watch. The final fight is between the villain, Tong Po (played by Michel Qissi) and Kurt Sloane (Van Damme). Its a rather lenghty fight, about 10 minutes, which is nice. Above all else, they fight with hands wrapped in rope with broken glass glued on, and yes the result is some blood during the fighting. Kickboxer is the only martial art movie I know of that used this "ancient Thai style of fighting" (with the exception of Kickboxer 2 and a small scene in Ring of Fire). I really enjoyed this. I also enjoyed Michel Qissi. He had maybe one line in the movie, but still succeeded in making Tong Po a great villain, who also will return in the sequal. Lastly, we can't forget to mention the Van Damme dance - Napoleon Dynamite would be proud. Also keep an eye out for Ong Soon Han (main villain in both Bloodsport 2 and Dragon:The Bruce Lee Story), who has a short fight against Tong Po about 1/2 way through the movie 
The DVD is really a deception. All the experts invited are the ones that support Gnostic theory. I was hoping that I can see a balanced view related to this subject. Instead, I only see the point of view of the pro Dan Brown's experts. I think we should invite the famous evangelists, theologists, and scholars from the protestant, cathodic and liberal to discuss the issue. The DVD does not even discuss why the Gnostic theory was rejected in the first century. 
Frida is luscious eye candy from beginning to end; so beautiful it could be enjoyed without sound. This is due to its subject, its star, and its director, Julie Taymor, who also gave us the astounding Titus. (If you have not yet seen Titus, do so before finishing this review - it is an art director's tour de force on a par with Brazil.) Regardless of where one falls on the political spectrum, one can't help but be intrigued by the fascinating, and certainly unconventional, people of Frida. Diego Rivera, played superbly by Alfred Molina, boasted the traditional faults of great artists, (narcissism, thoughtless cruelty, obsessive egotism), while showcasing some exceptional ones, (art as propaganda device, naive political idealism). His flaws were as large as his murals, but he was never dull. In addition to starring as Frida, Salma Hayek co-produced the film and pretty much moved heaven and earth to get it made. How wonderful that she did. Hayek has traveled under a Hollywood curse, appearing in one dreadful picture after another. This is clearly the film she wants to be remembered by, and her performance is note perfect. The story is so full of pain and passion that it could easily become maudlin and goopy, but Hayek never lets that happen. Her Frida is heart and steel all at once - amazing. The take home message, if there is one, is that great art is never free. In the case of Rivera, others paid the price; he fed off others like a greedy child. In the case of Frida Kahlo, she herself paid the price, digging further and further into her own pain and laying it bare in a way that is almost unspeakably brave. There are moments of magic realism in Frida, where we move imperceptibly from the filmed image to paintings and vice versa - if nothing else this reveals the paintings for what they were, astounding autobiographical statements. There are a few missteps. The liaisons with Trotsky and Josephine Baker feel almost obligatory, as if a form is being filled out. But blemishes this small are overshadowed by so many splendid moments, for example, when Rivera's dog urinates on his painting and he responds by calling him the best art critic in Mexico. Beyond highly recommended - must viewing. 
Old movies are great. I've been waiting for the release of Oklahoma! in the new technology DVD format - I wanted to use my new DVD up-converter. I have the Laser Disk version, and after reading the reviews, I will keep it until Fox gets its act totether. Fox should have a press release when they fix the problems reviewed here - until I know it's AT LEAST as good as my outdated Laser Disk, I'll wait 
Wrath Of The Dragon. INTRODUCTION: The Dragon Ball Z series is one of the finest animes out there, as any fan of Japanese animation will tell you. The series has a "love it or hate it" reputation, but those fans who get into the series are totally immersed by it for a number of reasons. Young people love the series for the fast-paced action and adventure, while older fans enjoy it for the sheer number of characters, and the way they are developed and evolve over the course of time. It's no wonder the series is considered Akira Toriyama's magnum opus, and by far the best of the three Dragon Ball series. When Toei animation made Dragon Ball into an anime, they didn't copy Toriyama's mangas verbatim. They added in many sagas and plot elements not in the manga, often as a result so that the manga and anime were released at the same pace. Toei even created movies based on the series! There were thirteen movies, two television specials, and one OVA/OAV. While not usually canon to the storyline, they are an undeniable part of the Dragon Ball Z franchise that can't be ignored. OVERVIEW: This is the thirteenth of the thirteen Dragon Ball Z movies. THE STORY: Majin Buu is beaten. Our heroes have won. Peace has returned. Yeah, right. Just as everyone has settled down, Gohan and Videl rescue an old suicidal man, and help him to unlock the seal on a music box of his using the Dragon Balls. What they don't know is that this old man is from a race of warlocks who once unleashed a great evil upon the universe. The Z Fighters must join forces with a warrior who came from within the music box to fight against this unspeakable evil that once terrorized the universe. But are they strong enough? REVIEW OF STORY: This is one of my favorite Dragon Ball Z movies, due in no small part to the unique storyline, and some battle scenes that are absolutely spectacular. Granted, I wish Vegeta had a larger role, but no big complaints there. There is no other part of the Dragon Ball Z series that has a storyline anything like this. The interaction between Trunks and Tapion is excellent as well. And the ending? Let's just say it stands on a plane all its own. You won't want to miss it. OFFICIAL? This is a rare example of a Dragon Ball Z movie that could have taken place in the actual series storyline. Right after the defeat of Buu, this would fit into the actual series continuity. It didn't exist in the original manga so I consider it unofficial, but you be the judge. REVIEW OF DVD: All of FUNimation's Dragon Ball Z DVDs are pretty much the same as far as content goes. There is no bonus content, unless you consider the obligatory trailers on the DVD to be bonus material. And honestly, I could have lived without them. Some more recent DVDs have character profiles, though these are lacking and could have been written better. Why couldn't get get interviews with cast and crew, or trivia/facts, something like that? FUNimation has a lot of room to improve on the DVDs. THE DUBBED VERSION: Lots of people tend to bash FUNimation's dub of the Dragon Ball Z series? Why? It's inaccurate and sometimes just plain stupid. They can do good dubbed versions for plenty of other animes, such as Full Metal Alchemist, but every time they've tried dubbing Toriyama's classic, they butcher it to hell. The nu metal they put in as background music only further defiles the original series. Stick with the uncut subbed track. OVERALL: Get it. Dragon Ball Z movies don't get any better than this. EDITION NOTES: It was released in edited and uncut versions. Do I even have to say it? Get uncut. And watch the subtitled Japanese version. 
Am I the only one who found the basic workout difficult? The pace was too quick for me to get the right technique in the poses and even though I have done this workout several times now, my back almost always is very painful for at least 24 hours afterward. I have found that, apart from a few exercises, the intermediate workout is easier 
I was pleasantly surprised by this movie. The sex scenes were some of the best I've seen because they were graphic yet very realistic. The story was touching and honest. If you're an adult who enjoys a realistic story that is very hot, you will definitely enjoy this gem. Watch and enjoy 
Can someone please tell me where to get the re-mastered DVD version of this film with Chinese audio and English subtitles? The recent Hong Kong Legends release is crazy: Chinese audio, or English audio, but NO English subtitles! I have the original Chinese language/English subtitled (the subtitles are imbedded) version of this movie on a Universe VCD and, based on the merits of its available Chinese audio/English subtitles alone, it is a better movie--by magnitudes--than the one(s) commercially available to the (hapless) U.S. market. The English dubbing on this DVD, even though well synchronized with the actors' lips, takes so much away from the film nevertheless, especially its "Chinese-ness," which is a major reason I enjoy this movie genre. Take, for example, the scene where our hero first returns to Jing Woo School after learning of his master's death and sees First Senior fight a challenge match with a visiting master. After handily defeating the challenger, First Senior actually saves face for the beaten master which the English soundtrack completely (and deplorably) misses. Also, at the very end of the U.S. release film, Chen says he is going back to his Japanese girlfriend. In the original, Hong Kong release, he actually goes off to fight the Japanese with the resistance movement. Between these two examples, there are many such, gross audio mis-cues; enough, at least, to take three stars away from an otherwise five-star martial arts film: the best of Jet Li's filmography, and perhaps the best of the "modern" Martial Arts genre, period. The same criticism holds true for Jet Li's The Tai Chi Master (released in the U.S. as the English-dubbed Twin Warriors). It's an English soundtrack superimposed over a Chinese movie, often stripping the film of its unique cultural content/identity/nuance, forcing the film through an American "knock-down-shoot-'em-up" template and reducing the potential for mental (as opposed to strictly visceral) enjoyment to a pitiful minimum. We end up with a film typically devoid of humor, character development and silver screen "intimacy," a film precariously out of balance with, and far flung from, its careful directorial intent. If you value the full content--visible and audible--of Chinese martial arts films, but lack facility in the host language, then the next best thing is a well-subtitled, original language version. And this release clearly is not that--by a long, long, long shot. 
Almost unbelievably bad, except I saw the remake of 'Shaft,' which should have been a forewarning. This is like a comic book for filmgoers. No, not a graphic novel adapted to the screen. More like a comic book for kids, that you'd be embarassed to own at any age. Doubly offensive is the high quality soul music that is on the soundtrack, a travesty to the nth degree. 
For me this movie is a painfull thing to watch. I wish that I could give this 0 stars. The infamous fake "O" scene kind of recked true intamacy for me. It may be true that women do this but it is one of the worst kind of lie imaginable. One of the truths for us guys is that when we are cuddiling with a woman we fanasise that we are with the first girl we fell in love with. Just FYI. 
Let me just start by saying that I don't own "The Chosen Collection" but that I do own the original releases of all seven seasons. Why review this then? Quite frankly, I believe the combined sets to be a waste of money. I have seen the reviews of this set done by fellow reviewers, and it is was my experience that that the boxes for the previous sets are not much different than this - they are as flimsy as this set is, and just as breakable. The set's discs appear the same as the previous editions, probably a rehash from leftover sets. A bonus disc may be the only redeeming factor, but since I don't own it, I haver never seen it. I spent my money on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" once, and once is enough for me. Buffy is a endearing series, but why throw away DVD sets just to have them "return" from the garbage 
The story is ok, but the acting is a bit off and the movie drags to much... but if your looking for some raunchy sex there is a non-simulated oral sex scene in it 
Somehow Denis Leary and Peter Tolan managed to improve on an already amazing show. Rescue me continues to be the best show out there. 
Half Light (Craig Rosenberg, 2006) I've been following some heated debate about this flick on movie boards, and it's brought a somewhat related (if tangentially) point into focus for me: why it is that movies like Darkness, the 2002 Spanish "thriller" with all the suspense of a Pee Wee Herman monologue, and Haute Tension, France's painfully bad 2005 attempt at horror, come over to America and fall flat. Well, I knew the answer, but really, you're all providing me with more evidence. You've never seen a good horror film in your life, have you? Because that's really the only way I can see justifying Darkness, Haute Tension, or Half Light as marginal, much less good, movies. Demi Moore plays Rachel Carlson, an American author living in Scotland with her husband Brian (Henry Ian Cusick) and their son Thomas (the wonderfully-named Beans el-Balawi, recently in the TV adaptation of Beneath the Skin). Thomas suffers a household accident, which leads to Rachel and Brian splitting up. Rachel's friend Sharon (Coupling's Kate Isitt) finds Sharon a lovely, secluded place on the coast to hole up and try to write (and why is it that dead kids always lead to parents going off somewhere secluded, where they're bound to be tormented by guilt?). Rachel meets a number of fine locals, including Angus McCulloch (The Mists of Avalon's Hans Matheson), keeper of an even more secluded lighthouse not far from her new place, with whom she feels an instant attraction. Despite being free of the marriage bond, Rachel's not quite sure what to make of her handsome stranger... ...and neither are we. There's obviously supposed to be chemistry between these two characters, but it's never realized. It's probably off looking for the film's suspense, which Rosenberg reminds us we're supposed to be feeling by inserting a few scenes that tread the ground of every suspense movie clich in the entire book. Once you've figured out the movie's big twists (yes, there's more than one, handled with all the delicacy afforded to, say, a road being repaved), which you will have done less than thirty minutes into the film, Rosenberg attempts to hit you with another big twist at the end. There's only one problem-- the movie's climactic scene is so befuddling that any attempt at inserting another plot twist that leads to the film's resolution does nothing but leave the viewer confused and unsatisfied. (Go look at the film boards in various places. There is one question that crops up over and over again. It relates to the utter inability of the climax to get its point across.) It's not often that I say Darkness is better than another horror film. After all, Darkness was about the most pointless exercise in mediocrity possible. But if you have died and gone to Hell, and you have a choice of which of the two to watch on endless loop for the rest of eternity, Darkness should be a no-brainer. Yes, this one's that bad. 
I was a bit skeptical about jogging in my home, but wanted a little boost from the two mile walk I had been doing. If you are at all skeptical, DON'T BE! I have used 4 of Leslie's programs and for me, this one takes the cake. It's fun, it's fast paced, and it works up an awesome sweat. You can feel the calories burning with this one. It's well worth the 10 or so dollars. 
We have both of these, although we purchased them seperately. Save yourself the time and money and just get them together. The Magical Halloween Adventure has characters picking out costumes to wear and then it goes into hayrides, pumpkin patches, carving pumpkins and making cider. There is a cute songs about monsters not being scary. The Elmo Says Boo! one has cute songs with different poeple and charcters and of course has Elmo all over it. We have had these since my daughter was 2 and she has never expressed fear about them or anything like that. In my opinion, they are not scary. Also, we watch them year round...especially the Elmo one. She will pull it out and ask for it...who knew you could have Halloween in July?? 
Unlike many, I hadn't seen this film when it first came out. So it was with much anticipation that I recently sat down to watch it. Well, it stunk. What a disappointment. The only really good thing in there is Leo McKern, who shines forth like a beacon in a fog of wooden acting and stilted dialogue. Show 'em how it's done, Leo. Michelle Pfeiffer is beautiful to look at, but her role is limited. Matthew Broderick is clearly inexperienced this early in his career, and delivers his lines without any panache whatsoever, which hampers the film, since his character is supposed to be a quick-witted thief. Fortunately, he has come a long way as an actor since then. Rutger Hauer is just plain bad. In defense of the director and crew, the film is prettily shot (with the exception of the poorly choreographed climactic fight scene) in well lit, scenic locations. Otherwise, I would not recommend this film to anyone with expectations. 
Being a Texas Chainsaw fan I of course picked this one up. It has 2 big stars in it, and was directed by one of the writers of the original. I'm not sure what they were going for in this one. Is it a horror, a sick comedy? It is all over the place. What is worse is that they made Leatherface a wimpy crossdresser. The ending leaves you scratching your head. Mathew and Renee do their best with the material 
After I read Erik Larson's wonderful book "The Devil in the White City" I was fascinated by the brief glimpses at Holmes' story. But this documentary was a phenomenal disappointment. The production is amateurish at best, complete with needlessly corny reenactments worthy of "Mondo Carne." With such a wealth of fascinating information available (court transcripts, etc) do we really need filler footage of some faceless actress wandering down dark hallways acting frightened? This man killed countless people and yet the producers of this documentary thought so little of their audience that they hired a narrator who sounds as if he is the chief ride operator of the Haunted Mansion at Disneyland. Truly disappointing. Perhaps someone will make an interesting documentary of Holmes. This most certainly isn't it 
This picture had some good potential but the director tried too hard hard to make it some kind of arthouse flick. A rather pointless attempt to remake Brewster's Millions with an altuistic slant. It wasn't a "bad" movie it simply wasn't a "good" one. Boooooooring...zzzz..zzzz..zzz 
I found this movie to be almost unwatchable. If your idea of a good time is watching Henry Gibson trying to sing while the camera takes long pans over dull crowd scenes, then this movie is for you. The three minutes of excitement near the end barely has anything to do with anything that preceeded it. Altman can pull off such greats as "Mash" and "Godsford Park" and then stink up the joint with this. What's up with that 
I was excited when this movie showed up in the mail and immediately put it in my DVD player and sat down to watch. It didn't take long for me to realize it was a cheaply made film. The story was interesting and had it been done in a better way, the film could have been great but after having seen movies such as Trick and Latter Days where the acting and production quality were very good, I found myself feeling dissapointed after only a few moments. It is not a movie I would readily recommend 
A friend of mine told me about this movie and I went to the local video store and rented it. CRAZY!!! I thought that the CGI and wire work was so smooth that it almost looked real. However, after watching the special features of him doing the stunts from the movie LIVE!! Jackie who??? Bruce what?? Jet whatchamacallit ???? He is the martial arts star for the new generation. For those that see the decline of martial arts movies, this kid gives us hope 
I hated this movie. SO unrealistic. Sure, maybe there are some little freaks running around raping and drinking and beating. But I AM a teenager in a city. NOBODY acts like this! What the hell is the point of this movie? To scare the crap out of parents? Also, the rape scene was vile. At first I respected the director for showing it and not shying away. A FULL MINUTE LATER, I started feeling awkward and uncomfortable. It wasn't even artistic, it was just disgusting and truly disturbing 
Regarding the above title, there was very little difference between the 2 versions on this edition of the Dvd. There seems little point in the censors deleting the scenes as they did in the USA and the UK as they do very little to the film's context. Still, it's a very good horror film anyways with plenty of gore (if that's what you're into) and I'd still give it a 9 1/2 out of 10 
Like other reviewers, I found MeetThe Parents mildly amusing and this sequel was in the 3 for $25 bin at Hollywood so I figured "Why not?" Well here's why not. It presents the main character's parents as crude, clueless buffoons, and having no social judgement whatsoever, but it seems the writers want the audience to think of them as cool and hip. And for some odd reason they live in a house that resembles the castle on Fantasy Island. I'm surprised they didn't include a sex with a midget scene. Nobody would want their daughter to marry into this family let alone a right wing former CIA agent, who was set up as an object of ridicule. Oh, and they had to be Jewish too. Streisand and Hoffman should be ashamed of themselves portraying their own people in such an unflattering way. {"Our people don't shoot ducks, dear") Do former CIA agents make enough money to live in mansions and buy a custom built RV that would cost at least $250 k? The toilet humor and profanity wouldn't have made it into "Dumb and Dumber" Nothing reedeming or funny here. Fuhgeddaboutit 
I am 38 and considered obese, however I work in a busy operating room all day and found this to be too easy. This DVD would be great for the older generations. I still need to loose 45 pounds and I am using Denise Austin's Burn Fat Fast. 
The third installment of our favorite wizard has him meeting a new defense of the dark arts teacher ... along with some rather scary gatekeepers as the magical world hunts for Sirius Black ... Harry's godfather who has escaped from the dreaded Azkaban prison. Meanwhile Hermione discovers a way to time travel with a special locket and take more classes. It is definitley getting darker and darker ... but this third in a series sets the tone for Harry's destiny 
....the ultimo movie about a bungled heist job and the crooks are holed out somewheres is....Reservior Dogs. This has great actors in it...I enjoyed seeing, f'instance, Dame Dunaway...but, she, Sinise, Dillon, Mantegna, and perpetual co-lister Faison had a poor dialog to work with. Imagine if QT had written it. Or, my favorite tough guy screenwriter, David Mamet. Fortunately though, Spacey will have something to build on develop a director's repertoire.. 
Look at my review for the movie soundtrack. I had a full vinyl copy of the voiced movie, but my mom sold it. I hate that fact, but there isn't a thing I can do about it. I wish I could get one back 
This straight-to-video's modest budget is attested to by the fact that while most of the action is supposed to take place at a large state prison, this prison only seems to house about 12 inmates. The plot is that old but reliable one about a man posing as a prisoner so he can go "undercover" and solve a crime. The crime in this case is not especially interesting and it's resolved in much too pat a fashion. However, leading man Tommy Lee Thomas looks good with his shirt off, (though he seems too small to be throwing his weight around), and there's a torture scene, (modeled on the one in "Lethal Weapon"), in which he's hanged by his wrists and zapped with electric shocks. Mr. Thomas' performance may not be of Oscar caliber but he does know how to yell. 
What more can you ask for (Lou Monte doing LUNA LUNA LUNA, it's here). POPE is Vincent Patrick's best written work and his screenplay works with Rourke and Roberts doing each other justice in the lead roles. The inside buzz is Michael Cimino sat in the directors chair, but evidence to the contrary is offered: The film is less than 3 hours in length and significantly lacks metaphors. Instead, POPE is a raucous and likeable tale of NYC bottom feeders whose only place in Trump Tower would be behind a broom. Geraldine Page gives an Oscar nominated supporting turn one year before her Best Actress win for TRIP TO BOUNTIFUL. She's more enjoyable here 
What a disappointment! Every time it gets hot, it cuts straight to the end. The movie is entirely foreplay!! 
I was not into this movie at all. My mother recommended it to me but it was lame all the way through. A middle-aged man decides he wants to do something different with his life, so he takes a dance class. Ofcourse there's a fine dance instructor, a crush is pursued, a wife gets jealous, hires a detective, and *gasp* his crush is found out. The movie was too predictable and it just wasn't for me. Not a bad movie, just not my cup of tea. Richard Gere was cute as usual, which was the only thing that made me watch it to the end, besides wanting to know what a correct quick step looked like since "So You Think You Can Dance" never had contestants who mastered it 
I bought this back in October of 2006. Can someone who bought it more recently tell me if the sound issues have been fixed? I returned this item for a refund and won't be buying it again until Paramount fixes the sound issues. Parts of the show are very quiet; I had to turn the sound up to even make out the dialog. Then, a loud part comes on and almost blows my speakers. This happens multiple times per episode. Repeat this for six hours. If I wanted this kind of quality, I'd just download the episodes off the Internet. There will be a gap in my collection until this is fixed. I don't know why they can't pay someone $5.15 an hour to watch the DVD once before they make 10 million copies 
One of the many hit TV shows inextricably linked to the 1980's is The A-Team, an action series with plenty of bombs, machine guns, and bazookas - where miraculously no one ever seems to die! Short for "Alpha Team," The A-Team is a Vietnam-era crack commando unit wrongfully accused of robbing the Bank of Hanoi. Having escaped from a maximum security prison, the four man team survives in the anonymity of the Los Angeles underground. And with the government still hot on their trail, they're forced to work as soldiers of fortune, providing aid and assistance to the helpless victims of various injustices... The A-Team is led by cigar aficionado Col. John "Hannibal" Smith (George Peppard), a wise-cracking officer who always has a plan in the works. Hannibal is flanked by Lt. Templeton "Faceman" Peck (Dirk Benedict), the consummate ladies' man; Sgt. Bosco "B.A." Baracus (Mr. T), a gold-drenched muscleman afraid of flying; and Captain H.M "Howling Mad" Murdock, a lanky mental case who nevertheless carries out his missions with flawless precision. Together, they travel the country in B.A.'s trademark black van, fighting for justice and attempting to elude the clutches of the nefarious Colonel Decker (Lance LeGault) who wants nothing more in life than to capture The A-Team... The A-Team (Season 1) DVD features a number of action-packed episodes including the season premiere "Mexican Slayride" in which journalist Amy Allen sets out to prove the existence of The A-Team and its various good deeds. But when a fellow reporter is kidnapped by Mexican renegades, Amy gets a firsthand look at The A-Team's handiwork when she hires them to rescue her friend... Other notable episodes from Season 1 include "Holiday in the Hills" in which, following a plane crash, The A-Team is forced to do battle with a group of mountain men, and "One More Time" in which the U.S. government itself hires The A-Team to rescue a general and his daughter from South American guerillas... Below is a list of episodes included on The A-Team (Season 1) DVD: Episode 1 (Mexican Slayride: Part 1) Episode 2 (Mexican Slayride: Part 2) Episode 3 (Children of Jamestown) Episode 4 (Pros and Cons) Episode 5 (A Small and Deadly War) Episode 6 (Black Day at Bad Rock) Episode 7 (The Rabbit Who Ate Las Vegas) Episode 8 (The Out-of-Towners) Episode 9 (Holiday in the Hills) Episode 10 (West Coast Turnaround) Episode 11 (One More Time) Episode 12 (Till Death Do Us Part) Episode 13 (The Beast from the Belly of a Boeing) Episode 14 (A Nice Place to Visit) The DVD Repor 
I am very disappointed with this movie "The Philadelphia Experiment" that have no English subtitles, due to my deafness. I was planning to buy this DVD. I have seen it many times in late 1980s and have been waiting for the English subtitles since 
After reading the novel by Jane Yolen with my 7th grade classes, I was eager to view the film version. I had heard conflicting views of the film- it's great, it's horrible, etc. After viewing it for myself, I must agree with those who gave it negative reviews. However, despite its lack-luster performance, the film did serve a purpose in the classroom. True, the film leaves something to be desired. They change multiple plot points with no explanation other than to just change them. Editing was not a driving force because they could have easily made small changes to keep the film focused for a teenage audience while maintaining the strength behind the story. Rivka becomes her cousin and other characters are neglected completely. Major events in the rising action are left out, thus leaving the movie drab and disappointing. Overall, very few of my students liked the film adaptation of Jane Yolen's novel, which they found so riveting. On a brighter side, because of so many differences, viewing the film after reading the novel provided an excellent opportunity for students to practice comparison/contrast writing through T-Charts and Venn diagrams. It also allowed them to perform some higher level thinking and questioning skills. After reading the novel and viewing the film, most of my students agreed that the book was much better- something a reading teacher loves to hear! 
Great movie, great actors for such a sad part of the U.S. history ! It is great to see in this movie some men who really existed (especially "Stonewall" Jackson). We don't know if the personalities showed into the movie were really like this or if it is a pure fiction, but at the end of the day it's not very important, because the historical interest is preserved 
This wonderful TV special from the 70's is timeless and has great music by Harry Nihlssen (not sure of that spelling). The lesson is all about tolerance with lots of side issues of great value. I am thrilled to own this DVD. It brought back all kinds of memories for me - both the story AND especially the music. It is a perfect addition to my collection of movies for my grandchildren 
The stellar performances of Jason Alexander (Buzz) and John Glover (James/John) make this movie, providing the most humorous and touching moments in this film. The Swan Lake scene, while funny, is probably the most sad, as each character explains how he will pass on. Yet the most interesting character to me is Gregory, as he is the glue that holds this group of men together, generously offering his Victorian house for holiday vacations. It is he who starts the film with his narration, welcoming the viewer in as if we are a visitor to his home as well, and having the final narration during the Swan Lake scene. He is caretaker to his friends in life and in death, and the central character that the six others revolve around; it is befitting that he will be the last to go. Each character struggles with his own demons; we are privy to their personal pain, yet all manage to rise above their problems and find joy in life and with each other's companionship. Even the most detestable character, John, is not entirely unsympathetic. Yes, there's some stereotypical moments, but all in all, this is an enjoyable film, one that leaves an indelible impression 
OK, the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long? Jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story. The native were scary. The quiet scenes with Kong were welcome additions, they actually made him into a character...something that can't be said for any of the human characters. The insect scenes are ridiculous!! The dinosaur stampede was idiotic. Anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie. Now Jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with?!? Peter Jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.Remind me to skip his next 15 3 hour long epics 
An absolutely wonderful movie. I love it so much that I watch it once a month or so. Ang Lee did an amazing job of Emma Thompson's screen play. Emma Thompson won a golden globe award for her efforts. Just lovely 
I love Jeff Goldblum, but he didn't carry this film. The film was ruined for me the second Julane Moore (yuck!) and the ridiculous, lame token Black daughter of Goldblum showed up no doubt to satisfy nauseating political correctness in Hollywood all at the expense of this bust of a film. It's obviously too much to ask for a white protagonist to actually have a white daughter. What a concept. It just added to the disbelief of the characters (stay Goldblum), the storyline, and the ultimate letdown of this much anticipated sequel. Jurassic Park III wasn't much better 
YOU, ME AND DUPREE is a formula film, a template designed for teenage guys who feel the need for potty mouth, noisy, crude guy things movies. There have been a lot of these films of late (all spinoffs of The Wedding Crasher image) and one wonders if there is a saturation point. Relating the story is rather pointless as it is a one-line joke (?). Dupree (Owen Wilson playing Owen Wilson) is the best man at his buddy Matt Dillon's wedding to Kate Hudson (the You and Me) and subsequently moves in with them, causing all manner of mayhem and bad taste and faux pas and grim situations (think toilet problems etc). And that is it. Michael Douglas was brought in to play a flat role as Kate Hudson's father who objects to her marriage blah blah blah. Ask directors Anthony and Joe Russo for the rest. We know that Hudson, Dillon and Douglas have much better roles to offer (Wilson seems to have found his niche), and the only reason films like this keep getting made is because they make money (for some reason) at the box office. The film is silly, tacky, tired and should only be rented if the shelves in the video store are otherwise empty... Grady Harp, November 06 
Art history has always been an interest of mine, and I'm a big fan of other art movies such as "Girl With a Pearl Earing" and "Merchant of Venice." So when I found out about Modigliani I was happy to take the time to go watch it. Not only was it worth my time, but it was a beautiful filmed movie that depicted the life of a very passionate man in a time when passion wasn't looked fondly on. Everything about the movie is amazing, from the sets to the acting. I feel this is one of Andy Garcia's best films in some time, not only is he convincing, but he fits the part of Modigliani better than any other actor could. They focused the movie around his rivalry with Picasso, which I find to be one of the most interesting things about it. You don't only get an insight into one artist, but many. You see the life the artists were living and the obstacles they had to overcome to get their art out into the world. Modigliani also had a tragic romance with a young catholic girl, who's father didn't want her with the struggling painter. The story is the perfect depiction of the religious standards in that time period. Overall this was a great movie, and I would strongly suggest that you take the time to check it out. You won't regret it, it's probably one of the best movies of the year 
The Criterion Collection, a continuing series of important classic and contemporary films, is dedicated to gathering the greatest films from around the world and publishing them in editions that offer the highest technical quality and award-winning, original supplements.The foundation of the collection is the work of such(real) MASTERS of cinema as Renoir, Godard, Kurosawa, Cocteau, Fellini, Bergman, Tarkovsky, Hitchcock, Fuller, Lean, Kubrick, Lang, Sturges, Dreyer, Eisenstein, Ozu, Sirk, Bunuel, Powell and Pressburger. The Criterion Collection must feel embarrassed for wasting a tremendous amount of time in this glorious package to glorify the most incompetent of all filmmakers. I did not watch any of the extras, but I hope you can find there those hilarious TV- clips from the 70s with Welles crying like a baby...."Oh...They only let me do the movie I wanted to make in Kane.... 
Gosh. The other reviewer, who seems to me, only watched the first four episodes of this series and judged the title soley on that. Oh, and on the DVD covers. This isn't the first anime to have 'fan service' on the DVD covers. Look at Kiddy Grade, an anime that this tweedledum65 reccommends over R.O.D tv. I'm not going to get into details on this anime, for good reviews check out www.themanime.org, I'm just saying I liked it, and if you're paitient, and like a good mystery, I hope you find this series just as enjoyable as i do. 
these movies are just as great as i remembered them... ralph macchio was hot in the 80s, skinny, but he pulled it off pat morita has got to be the coolest neighbor ever and watching the karate kid II reintroduced me to a great peter cetera song: the glory of love so rock on ralph macchio, peter cetera, and pat morita oh yeah, hilary swank get's in on it at the end to 
I have to agree with most of the other reviews. This movie not great art but to me it is great comedy and strangely compelling. I have found myself watching it over and over again. I would rate the film as five-stars. Unfortunately, I can not buy the DVD because the cheapskates at Warner have only released this in butchered full-screen format. As such, I can only rate this DVD as two-stars and certainly no stars for Warner 
I thought this was an excellent, excellent film. I saw it for the first time last night, and I was struck by how well it was acted and filmed. (It was directed by Jean Renoir, so it has his skill as a baseline recommendation, but it was exceptionally good.) In response to those who protest that it gives an unrealistic view of war and ignores its horrors, I would admit that perhaps some of the conditions were idealized (the prison rooms looked like slightly-dingy hotel rooms, and the treatment of the prisoners.)However, one should realize how different World War One was from World War Two or other more recent wars. WWI had a few decent reasons for being fought, but primarily it was about European countries seeking to defend their national pride and expand their territorial holdings. As seen in this film and "All Quiet on the Western Front", (and the poetry of e.e. cummings) many soldiers got into combat and realized that they were not that different than the men on the other side of the trenches. They fought for the ideals of their respective countries, but separated from the propaganda, your enemy could be your neighbor. In WWII, there was an obvious evil (genocide) to fight against that needed to be defeated, but WWI had mostly stereotypes to lend menace. "Grand Illusion", like "The Rules of the Game" reflects the decline of the great aristocratic families of Europe that was occuring during and after WWI. Ancient families that had controled dynasties for centuries were left without the power they had held. The world moved on and left them in anachronism, a reality which Von Rauffenstein and Boieldieu foresee. Much of the film is focused on the universality of the human condition. It doesn't deny the differences between people, but it shows how the connections between people can transcend some of these barriers when faced with the reality of war 
One of the most beautiful and sympathetic movies ever made about wolves, Alaska, and the Inuit, I could watch this movie over and over and not get tired of it. A mid-level analyst who just happens to be in the right place at the right time (he has his doubts early on)is chosen to go North to investigate the Arctic wolf and its impact on the caribou population. Along the way he encounters a host of intriguing characters, including a crazy-like-a-fox entrepreneurial bush pilot looking to make some sort of big score, a number of wacky bit players who I can easily imagine were not actors, but the real deal, and every bit as eccentric as they appeared; and an endearingly sage old Inuit of few words but many eloquent silences. The investigator, Tyler, is not at all sure that he's up to the demands of the job, but forges ahead regardless, played with practical flair by Charles Martin Smith, a perfect choice for the lead here. I would be at a loss and panic-stricken if left alone on a frozen lake in Alaska, as his character Tyler is; Tyler takes it all in stride, trusting it will all be good in the morning, even though it is established early that for all the fact that he was chosen for this mission, he goes into it with a deep-seated terror of wolves. After the assistance of the old Inuit man in getting centered on his path - and the abrupt disappearance of his benefactor, who has a way of coming and going that magicians would envy - Tyler finds himself deep in the bush country and immersed in the world of wolves before he realizes how completely they have taken him over. Knowledge and observance quickly negates his fear, and he is brought to a serenity of spirit and understanding of his place in the world that makes me wish I had the courage and stamina to go out and try it too. A caveat: there is a culinary moment in this movie that might cause the squeamish some distress. Do what I did at the crucial moment; look at the ceiling, or recite to yourself, "It's only chocolate, it's only chocolate." You'll know when it gets close; they don't spring it on you; and it IS just chocolate. Highly recommended for the whole family.(Oh one more caveat; if skinny-dipping adults offend you - briefly skinny-dipping, and not flagrantly overt - then maybe this isn't your movie.) 
I bought this as a dvd for home use. I won't repeat the story as others have done so already. I loved the story. The plot was well put together and solid. The acting was wonderful. I have watched it a couple of times now and enjoy it more each time I see it. I really am enjoying the fun of this film. I'd suggest to folks to just relax and watch a terrific and humorous film. It is made to be light with family values of what counts in life. Tim did an outstanding job as he always does. The chasing scenes with Tim on all fours becoming a dog; the dog behaviors as a human had me rolling. It is one of the funniest films I've seen in a long time. As an adult I loved it and would buy it again. I'm thrilled to see Disney making such terrific and wonderful films. It was tastefully done. The caged scenes were carefully done. No bad language just a wonderful film that can be enjoyed as another eventual classic among the Disney films. And no I didn't perceive this as a film geared toward small children. Perhaps pre-teens and up would be my guess. To demean the film based on the expectation that tiny children would appreciate the story is not realistic nor does it do justice for what the film is. It is a wonderful film with a great storyline!! corinn 
I bought this DVD because Amy Jo Johnsen is in it. (One of my favorite actresses.) What I expected was a decent vampire movie, with some blood and guts, and a good storyline. What I got was a movie with TALKING, TALKING and more talking, and a boring storyline. I saw hardly any action, hardly any fun, and hardly anything interesting. I was extremely disappointed in Amy for starring in such a boring, unintriguing movie. The only actual action was toward the end with the final battle between Seth and Viki's ex. It was about an hour and fifteen minutes of explanations, and useless talking. If you are looking for a movie with some action and fun, look elsewhere. As much as I hate to put an Amy Jo movie down, I am doing so. 
Let me break it down for you in a nutshell, people. It's a murder mystery in which the film's protaganist thinks she knows who the killer is. But, she has her doubts. But she saw a tatto of a spade on the guy's arm. He has the same thing. But what does she do? She has sex with him. Sex, sex, and more sex. If you suspect somebody of being a killer than why on earth would you have sex with him? Plus, 50% of the movie is just plain old sex and sex talk. I don't think this was a perfectly planned movie, to tell you the truth. Final Verdict: It's easily forgetable and needs to go right before it starts 
Dustin Hoffman, arguably one of the most popular actors of the 1980s and 90s, is in top form here -- but this time as a woman. Sure, there have been other films with similar setups -- "Victor/Victoria" with Julie Andrews and "Mrs. Doubtfire" with Robin Williams, to name just two. Andrews, however, isn't believable as a man, and while Williams is exceptional in "Doubtfire," that movie seems to lose its "edge" near the end. In "Tootsie," Jessica Lange, Teri Garr, and Dabney Coleman all provide laudable -- even outstanding -- performances. Lange won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actress, and Garr was nominated in that category. Dustin Hoffman was nominated for Best Actor, Sidney Pollack for Best Director, and the film for Best Picture. Why didn't it win any of those three? One word -- "Gandhi." Nevertheless, "Tootsie" looks as though it were fun to make, and it is certainly fun to watch. This is an absolute must for Dustin Hoffman fans 
In all fairness, this film is advertized on the package as a "docudrama" and not as a drama. The problem is that it isn't clear from that description whether what is being documented dramatically is the actual 1863 battle or the reenactment of battle on its 140th anniversary. As a documentary about the reenactment, this is a fine collection of footage, interspersed with some (thankfully) brief portrayals of the principle leaders on both sides. (Actually, I thought the actor portraying Longstreet did a fine job -- the others were less convincing.) As a documentary about the actual historic battle it is not inaccurate but it provides only a glimpse into the major actions that comprised this long and complex battle. As a reenactor, I found it interesting watching the various units on the field. Despite the occassional glimpse of earplugs and sunglasses, the equipment and uniforms appear reasonably authentic. Of course, given the generous build of most of the reenactors in this film the title should have been "Three Days of Density" instead. I kid my fellow reenactors...unfortunately most people who have the money to spend on reenacting also have too much money to spend on good food and drink, myself included. So, if you want to really learn about the battle, read Harry W. Pfanz's trilogy or Stephen Sears' book. If you want to see what Civil War reenacting on a grand scale can be like, this is a fine introduction 
"Haunted Castle" and "Alien Adventure" are great, but the concept and dimensional enjoyment of "Encounter in the Third Dimension" makes it better than the other two. The film is an excellent way of showing how 3D started and how it works with lots of prime examples thrown in, other than the entire movie itself. I do wish the mine ride was longer though (the one which ends with the big, round, stone ball slamming into the tunnel) and there was more shown of the T3 Experience. Sure, the Jules Verne "Journey to the Center of the Earth" ride certainly makes up for it, but the effects in the shorter example were awesome, like the bats. Best of all, the film doesn't look all that dated CGI wise for a 1998 production. Now I've definitely got to get the sequel "Misadventures in 3D" DVD. Noticed something stupid in the credits for "Encounter". Instead of saying "Cassandra Peterson as Elvira, Mistress of the Dark", it redundantly reads, "Elvira as Elvira, Mistress of the Dark". Unlike the other 3D IMAX films, this one is good either in stereo depth form or 2D wise. Of course, the best is 3D since that is the whole point of the story anyway. I highly recommend this movie to all 3D collectors 
Watch this and be inspired by the awesome Herbie Hancock. The recording sessions are great. The music and the movie flow along like a terrific jazz solo, riffing on all kinds of themes but Herbie brings it together into a whole. Just watching him play on the piano is a treat. If you're not that familiar with this living jazz legend, check this out and you'll admire both the man and his music 
I'm a big fan of Roseanne, so It was no surprise to me that the Halloween edition wouldn't be great. Tina 
This is not a movie, in a classic sense. This is a set of interviews of dj's promoters. I'm fine with that however the djs that participates are not the best representations of the electronic industry. Where is Paul Oakenfold, Paul Van Dyk, Sasha, Digweed, Dave Seaman, Deep Dish , Dj Dan... and countless other famous dj's? I understand that the budget might have been too small to invite one of those dj's mentioned above for an interview or so ...but in this movie there are lots of dj's that are not that well representative of an industry that's becomming smaller and smaller. For your money's worth, buy a breakbeat dance video where you will be more entretained than a documental wanna be.. 
From a big JT, Brit, and X-tina fan: This DVD is soooo disappointing. The DVD is comprised of whole episodes of MMC- and very little of the episodes has Britney, Justin, or Christina featured. There is only one song where Brit and Justin sing (a duet), and only one where Christina sings. Other than that, all they basically show are lame "hometown profiles" which last about 60 seconds each. You get better content from a "Behind the Music" or "Driven" episode. There's even some really heavy stuff about teens committing suicide that has absolutely NOTHING to do with Britney, Justin, or Christina. Lame, lame, lame, and disappointing. I think the total on-screen time of real content is about 12 minutes. Save your money 
Personally, I can't see this movie for dust. In fact, I find it extremely annoying. The only video worse than this one is "Monty Python and the Holy Grail." Yecch! Napoleon Dynamite, no offense to the actor, literally puts me to sleep. I don't mind his friend Pedro, and I also don't mind his brother (the dude with the glasses) or his grandmother, or even his irksome uncle, but Napoleon himself is as dull as dishwater. If they'd only take his character out, I'd probably enjoy this movie a little better. 
this is day 10 now and im still waiting for my package!!!!!!amazon seems great but when something goes wrong they run like chickens! However.....LARRY BIRD IS THE MAN AND DONT EVER FORGET THAT 
Where to start with this bad movie? As if the plot matters (it doesn't), the movie is about a woman and her sister who use hubbie's computer to access chat rooms, etc, and witness online killings, and of course, see the killer in a sort of "Eyes of Laura Mars" style. The two lead males are played by non-actor musicians Roger Daltrey and Huey Lewis. Lead females are played by former actresses Natassia Kinsky and Nicolette Sheridan. The killer is played by a still-unknown actor. Major problems: 1. Talking computers ("electronic chronometer activated"). 2. People talking to computers as they type. 3. Never making a typo even when typing at an awkward angle and not looking at the keys (while talking to someone else). 4. Easy access to talking encrypted computer by using a microphone that you have to be an inch away from to use. And the computer selects only some of the words you say, as needed. 5. Really bad acting. 6. Un-sexy eroticism. 7. Over-technologized thoughout. It might seem tempting to "save" 5 bucks, but you're wasting the other five dollars. 
This is the best animal movie I have ever seen..from a child's point of view. This has been our daughter's favorite movie for the last one year or so (she's 3 now) and after watching it almost every day (sometimes several times a day) she still enjoys it as much! We're surprised that even we are not tired of it. The animals are fun to watch, the story is interesting and the music is great. We've bought several other animal movies for our daughter and this surpasses all of them. The production is superb, the animals did a great job and it all seems so real. A must-by for everyone who has small kids 
I enjoyed the movie very much. Since I love the idea of knights and castles during the middle ages and as Merrick says when men still had honor, I wanted to join them just for the excitement and the chance of a lifetime. Besides I'm a sap for a great looking guy saving his damsel in distress at all costs, even if it mean't changing history. I liked that they portayed Lady Clair as a tough, stand up to the bad guy, do what needed to be done, spy for her brother to win the battle, kinda lady 
TCM III was a good movie.It had all the necessary tools and villians to make a good horror movie.It lacked the essential characters,though.It would've done better if they had brought Chop Top or Drayton back to life.The film is about two friends headed down to Florida from Texas when they come upon a pit of decayed bodies.We already know it was Leatherface,and the two drive on.The next day,they come upon a gas station,where a crazy,yet funny gas station attendant named Alfredo work.Also making his appearance here as well is Viggo Mortenson as Tex,a redneck cowboy who gives the two friends guidance.The two take the road he suggests after a near attack and end up stranded in the woods,pursued by the evr vigialnt Leatherface armed with his trusty chainsaw.It gets the job done every time.As in the Texas Chainsaw tradition,they are captured and prepared for dinner.One of the friends narrowly escapes and must take on Leatherface with the help of an Veteran they met along the way.It's an overall good movie and I loved it 
Excellent, great camera work, very good sound and commentar 
This collection of the first four Road pictures is well worth having. The picture quality is excellent and all four films are loaded on one double-sided disc. But where are the remaining three Road pictures? This would have made the ultimate Road collection. Disappointing 
Monty Python are probably the best known sketch comedian ever. They made a tv show, Monty Python's Flying Circus, and several hilarious movies. AND NOW FOR SOMETHING COMPLETELY DIFFERENT Their first movie, which is a collection of their best skits from their tv show. This movie is hilarious. It includes The Lumberjack Song, The Dead Parrot Sketch, The Dirty Fork, and the World Funniest Joke. MONTY PYTHON AND THE HOLY GRAIL Their best movie. It's about Arthur and his knights looking for the Holy Grail. This movie will make you laugh insanely. Funny moments include The Killer Rabbit, The Knights Who Say Ni, and The Black Knight. THE ADVENTURES OF BARON MUNCHAUSEN This movie is not a Monty Python film but was made by Terry Gilliam and co-stars Eric Idle, both of whom are former Pythons. A must have for any Monty Python fan. This set deserves the five stars and more. I recommend this to any Monty Python fan, British Comedy fan, or comedy fan in general. Too bad it didn't inlude The Meaning Of Life or Life Of Brian 
Just rented this dvd and was quite surprised. Normally, I'm a big George Clooney and Matt Damon fan. However, in this film, their talents were underutilized and did not make up for the poor script, editing, and direction which made this film quite dull to watch. While the idea behind the movie is good, it could have been more entertaing, dramatic, or suspensful. As another reviewer remarked, I was quite tempted to shut it off after 45 minutes and watch something else. But, I did suffer through to the end, where the film just sort of ends and leaves viewers hanging.. 
Okay, the script is not the most imaginative I've ever seen, but I like the actors (especially Ben's best man) so I was friendly with this movie for the most part. I didn't even mind the obvious holes in the plot, such as...why do these characters not have credit cards or cell phones? Or at least, why don't they use them? Oh no, much more plausible that Ben will have to strip dance in a gay bar for $150 to buy a car to drive to NC. I didn't even mind the fact that the whole "We're married and my husband's a doctor." charade was so predictable. Oh Gee, he's pretending to be a doctor and he's on a tour bus with a bunch of elderly people. D'ya think someone might have a heart attack and "Dr. Holmes" might have to step up? And uh, they're pretending to be married and Oh! surprise there's the best man and maid of honor! D'ya think they're gonna get busted? What killed it for me was that ridiculous ending. It was obviously supposed to be a surprise (and it was) but there seemed to be no other reason for it than to pull a fast one on the audience. I felt cheated. I spent the entire movie getting emotionally involved with the relationship between Sarah and Ben, and I really cared about how they would handle things with the fiance and Sarah's little boy and all that. I cheerfully became disengaged from the relationship between Ben and Bridget, I totally believed neither one of them was ready to get married or right for each other. The film spent an inordinate amount of time showing me they're not right for each other and that this wedding was not meant to happen. RIGHT UP TO THE LAST MOMENT, we think he's breaking it off with Bridget. Instead, what the heck let's just go ahead and get married after all. Huh? He left Sarah sitting out there waiting for him in a HURRICANE!!! after making her promise that she would still be there when he got back. This man obviously doesn't have a clue what he wants in life, and I'm expected to believe they lived happily ever after? Not only that, but what does it teach us about taking this commitment seriously? It teaches us that if our instinct is telling us "don't do it!" and our genitals are yearning for someone else and even Mother Nature seems to be working hard to prevent this marriage, aw heck go on ahead and do it anyway. It's just marriage. It's romantic! You could get lucky and live happily ever after! It's been my experience, when things aren't feeling just right as you approach that wedding, turn and run. The last thing you should do is close your eyes, grab your balls and take the leap 
This DVD was more challenging than I thought, but within a few short weeks I can already see an improvement in my flexibility and overall fitness. Recently someone who had not seen me in a while commented that my body looked different, so I guess that means the programs really work. HAHA :-) Overall I have been impressed with not only the level of difficulty but also the variety of content and workouts available. I easily recommend this DVD 
A short workout that packs a punch and will whip you up in shape! If you like endurance weight training with short cardio bursts then you will enjoy these workouts! I have all 4 of Jillian's endurance strength training DVDS and they are very good especially when combined with 30-45 mins. cardio. The Maximize Full Frontal DVD is a little more intense than Jillian's Shape Up Front DVD; it has more core work, more one-leg moves and the cardio segments always use dumbbells. The Maximize Back In Action DVD is also a little more intense than Jillian's Shape Up Backside DVD; it has more core work, harder exercises and additional power moves. All 4 DVDs are an excellent buy and since they are all short workouts, you can easily combine them with cardio for a well-rounded 60 minute workout. Note: You will not like Jillian's workouts if you prefer to go heavy with weights. 
I can't give it any less than one star but what the heck, The girls were hot so there's the one star. Other than that I am literally dumber after watching this movie! I swear to god! I passed out after watching this film because I got so stupid I forgot to breathe! They should stop beating around the bush and hire retards from the mental home to play the lead roles because lord knows they would have done a better job! Even if they just ran around the set yelling "1,2,3, Potato Salad, March!" The dialogue would have been 1000 times better. Message to the producer: Give it up loser!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
*Warning: Spoiler* I cannot believe people, excuse me, some women are giving this movie four and five stars. Interesting premise,and it could have been a good, believeable movie-- but it was sooo syrupy. If this is what it's like to be in love, please somebody shoot me(note: I've been in real love for 27 years now.) I got through the movie and probably would have given the movie a 3 and a half until the very end. Why the blankity-blank-blank does somebody always have to die at or near the end for the movie to be a "good movie"? I felt like I was drowning in estrogen by the time the movie was over. Wouldn't it have been more intriquing to leave the movie somehow pondering how this new love was going to all work out? That, at least, would have made the movie more intriquing, believeable and redeeming. If ever a movie was made to force tears, this is it. This movie stinks and I don't mind telling you so--and it's not just because I'm a man either. Imo, there's not much difference between this movie and a stupid, blatant Steven Segall movie where testosterone is promenaded around like it's the elixir of heaven. Same coin, different sides. The movie should be given a "one"--no a "negative one" just for the stupid ending, but other redeeming factors make it a "two." Still not worth seeing--i.e., unless you're into infuriating yourself. ** Note: Even my wife and daughter--both chick-flick connousiours--hate this movie.I haven't checked yet, but I think my dogs do too.** Another note: These two good actors needed a better movie. See Ryan in the superb "Courage Under Fire", or the Jim Morrison movie, or "When Harry Met Sally"--which I don't categorize as a "chick flick" but as a good romantic comedy,i.e., not contrived 
An excellent movie about a smart conman who eventually ends up rendering his skills to the FBI. The movie is not just about this, but a lot of subtle things like the relationships between Abagnale and his dad. Some of the scences were very well picturized -The silent mutual giggle which Abagnale(Leonardo) and his dad exchange as they walk out from the School principal's office -When Tom Hanks enquires with Abagnale's dad if he know where Leonardo is, his dad replies that 'If you had son, you will know that it is your son whom you love more than anything else' Overall, it is one of the best movies I have seen. Everything in this movie deserves 5 stars 
I liked this movie but I also didn't like it. the story line was very predictable. I saw a similar movie of true movies. the acting was fairly good. it does go to show how ignorant people are when it comes to Rape.after watching this movie I realise why many rapes go unreported 
This DVD is the bomb! Why? Prince puts on a show. From Morris Day and the Time- (a Must see) to the Lenny Kravitz and Prince Jam session. True Prince fans will love seeing his energy and creativity. Prince is a real performer who puts his heart and soul in every dance move and song. As for the spirituality aspect, I loved to see that side of him. The song he sang was powerful and heartfelt. Get the DVD. You won't be disappointed 
i practically fell asleep while watching this tape, the girl doing the exercises isn't even saying anything while she's doing it. It's a voice over! also she's all alone in a blank room. All the exercises are basically the same. I would suggest Mtv Pilates. It's a lot more fun 
i found the movie to be very creative and unique. i thought the appearance of the movie was very similar to how a stage set-up for a play would be. i thought that this was intentional and it helped to place the focus on the words/message. there was a lot of different things going on in the movie which i enjoyed: greed; true love; spirituality; determination; self-esteem issues; and jealousy. i am not a prince fan, but i love the contrast in personalities between prince and morris day, and how this contrast plays out as they pursue the same woman, who happens to be an angel who was sent to change both of them (clever). i gave the movie a 4 and not a 5 because although it was very artistic, morris day lost a battle i feel he should have won 
Wedding Crashers is the kinda film alot of people will love because it is stupid but alot of others like myself, won't enjoy. two womanizers fall in love, one because he finds out that his gf is not actually a virgin, like first off, what does virginity have to do with love? second, who would actually believe that she was telling the truth when she said that she was a virgin? then Owen Wilson's character fall in love with Rachel's McAdams character and well, that's the usual predictable romance plot. the problem with this film is it's not that funny. it seems to think it's better then it is. I don't think I hardly laughed during this film. the part about the "supposive" gay guy like people think he is gay so therefore of course, because it's this kind of film, he ends up being gay and of course, he tries to hit on Vince Vaughn's character in a scene that is beyond creepy. lets just say that "gay" guy is prob one of the worst actors I've seen. then we get a cameo from Will Ferrell, alot of people I know find this guy "so" funny. but I don't get it. it just wasn't funny to me. u know, I loved the classic, "American Pie" that was just stupid for its own good but it delivered the goods to make it a great comedy! this film wasn't so much funny as stupid. for the most part, I'm not going to remember this film in 5 years from now because it's just an average film 
The simple truth is, this movie is boring. Yes, it has a really long (not to say interminable) rape scene in it, and yes, some guy gets his head smashed in with a fire extinguisher. But so what? It's still boring. We just sort of drift around from moment to moment, through what seem to be virtually unscripted scenes, backwards through the "story," which has pretty much no focus or ultimate impact. Then it's over and you get to do something more interesting, like shine the silverware. Don't get me wrong, I like dark and disturbing films (Texas Chainsaw Massacre, anyone?), but I prefer them to at least be interesting and involving. I'd take anything David Cronenberg ever made over this, and I'm including the early stuff 
Love Michael Buble, but this was more like a home made movie of someone using their camcorder from the audience. Parts of Michael's head was cut off, and then; sometimes, his whole head was cut off. Most of the time, the camera man didn't expect where Michael was going to move to and you'll get a jerky movement of the camera man trying to get Michael back into the picture. I wish they would have said in the description that this was more of a documentary than a concert. That this was just home made videos. This was definitely not worth $20. If you want a professional quality concert, I would recommend buying Michael Buble's Caught in the Act. Caught in the Act was worth the $20 bucks. You get professional camera men who anticipated Michael's movements, and parts of his head was never cut off like Come Fly with Me's DVD. Also, the sound quality on Caught in the Act was way better. Now, I understand why some places sold Come Fly with Me DVD's and had the word enhanced after it. The DVD that I received was not enhanced. Anyways, skip this one, and get "Caught in the Act" instead. 
Simply put: the movie is boring. Clich upon clich is confirmed and story lines never come together. It seems as if the director was unsure whether to make a movie or a documentary. The main plot is very thin (a CIA agent is ordered to kill an oil prince, gets caught and then warns the prince (why?)) and therefore some elements were added to make the movie more interesting. So, a kid dies, which results in the "natural" response of the father: freely advising the person indirectly responsible for his son's death. The lawyer has a drunk "friend" and keeps him around, why, no one knows. Some kids become suicide terrorists and blow up a ship. All in all, this is one of the worst movies I have seen in quite a while. I was neither entertained nor intellectually challenged. I neither laughed nor cried, I did not gain an understanding nor was I compelled to learn more or take up a cause. It meant nothing to me, which in my eyes is the worst one can say about a movie. Save your money, save your time, choose another movie. 
I normally praise Disney's animated movies, but I've got to draw the line somewhere. I can't believe the average review for this movie was 41/2 stars. I found the characters in this movie annoying, even more annoying than that suv commercial where that guy walks out of his house and parachutes off the cliff. I urge you to buy Treasure Planet, any Disney Pixar film,Tarzan before this one 
I thought that this movie would be pretty interesting. The previews for it made it seem like it was funny. I however found it very boring in parts and sort of stupid. The charactors were either over the top or fall asleep dull with very little middle ground. Also the running time was too long, it says it was just a little over 2 hours, but to me it felt like much more 
Hi folks, Don't get your pants in a bunch at the low review...its NOT for the movie..its for the appallingly bad DVD. Grainy and soft...I can't believe they couldn't produce a finer representation of a multi award winning and in general beloved piece of work by all concerned. This isn't even VHS quality...but then ARTISAN isn't known for quality... its cheap enough to get anyway and throw away when a REAL quality version is released. 
I read some good reviews about this movie. In adition, I respect french's cinema, they usually gives us interested and unconventional movies. So, I bought "Spanish Apartment". A big dissapointment. Hughe one. It's candid, it's "naive", it's boring, with poor ideas, poor acting, very predictable. There's a lot of good movies around you, don't waste your time in this one 
Did Nicholson read the script before signing for this movie? Was he broke that he had to act? Has he reached senility to accept to play in such a poor scenario? Well, as a fan, I am totally disappointed. Don't waste your money for this, it is not worth 
..Well..at least its in my top 5 =o)..I'm not the biggest Chaplin fan.more of a Keaton and Lloyd..kinda guy..But dang if this movie dosen't do me in everytime..I never fail to fall into hysterics over the "Feeding Chair" Scene..or the Gibberish song..and several other scenes.and I always get teary eyed over the plight of Charlie and his little love Gamin..This movie just packs so much into its 89 or so minutes and it all flows beautifully from one frame to the next!...Don't be botherd by the hype about this being a social commentary..or a Commie film or whatever!..Its still the same little tramp who goes against any kind of social order!!....Now I have this wonderful new 2 disc Mk2 version from the Chaplin Collection box to pull out every Christmas Holiday season..along with City Lights..as I'm want to do..and Check out the little Cuban documentary on the second disc about the Traveling projectionists who take the Movie to a remote farming village to show to the people for the first time..The Tears in these peoples eyes as they watch..tell you everything about this wonderful one of a kind film 
This is a fantastic history of the Blues! Unlike any of the other recent documentaries, the stories are related in this show entirely by the artists. There is no narrator and the feel of the show is very personal! Add to that some great music and you have a winner 
I know what you're thinking. If you're anything at all like me, when this movie was in the movie theaters and the previews were running rampantly, I thought this looked like the stupidest piece of trash to ever grace the big screen. But I'll admit readily when I'm wrong, and here I absolutely was. I'm not saying Little Nicky is the world's greatest film, or even comedy, but if you like Adam Sandler and silly comedies in general, this is a movie that won't disappoint when you desperately need something mindless to turn your brain into mush after a horrendous week (or even day) at work. A movie that opens with Jon Lovitz acting like a big, horny bird in a tree certainly promises to be very entertaining. And it is. And we're taken straight to hell with Harvey Keitel playing the devil himself very nicely, a brief encounter with Dan Marino, and the late Rodney Dangerfield to name a few. We're also treated to the heavens above with Reese Witherspoon and the guy who played Adam Sandler's golf mentor in Happy Gilmore. This movie has everything it takes to be insanely silly and entertaining. And you'll LOVE what happens to Hitler in this. Don't take it too seriously. If you do, you miss the entire point of Little Nicky. If this is your kind of movie, add it to your collection...you'll watch it many, many, many times again. Enjoy 
I am a big fan of martial arts films -- having lived in Taiwan. However, this one was over-hyped in my opinion. The love affairs in the DVD were unbelievable at best and even absurd at times. I often enjoy the melodrama and over-acting of Chinese films, but I gagged a few times on this one. It was down-right goofy at times. I really wanted this one to grab me, but it did not. 
I'll tell ya... if I read one more review written by someone born after 1980 dissing Bakshi, I think I'm going to start kicking rump and taking names. Do people diss Disney? Hardly, until they became such a movie mill that they are computer generating what used to be created by hand with a loving touch. Look at "Cool World" as the AntiToonworld of "Roger Rabbit". The characters are psychedelic, psychotic, retro and bent. There is a great deal of (expected) sexuality and lewdness, pushing the edge of the PG-13 as far as it can go. Lots of puns and inside jokes it takes an adult to appreciate, something Warner Bros. cartoons were masters at. Granted, they don't always hit the mark here, and there's more chemistry when the Doodles are on than when the Noids take over. But I dare anyone to watch that scene with Holli cooing "Let's Make Love" to a sweating Mel Torme wannabe while she's having trouble keeping her Noidness intact and not feel the simulataneous urge to salivate and giggle. The transformation of Noids to Doodles when the wand is removed is humorous... a lounge lizard literally becomes one, a cowboy becomes a horse, a female lead a blank eyed Orphan Annie. The end cap, where Byrne's character becomes a dim witted but sincere superhero, is happily reminiscent of Captain Sternn from "Heavy Metal". Yes, the acting is practically phoned in. Yes, the plot is odd. But get over it, folks, it's adult animation, and it's entertaining. I watch it again and again... and I always laugh 
Bruce Almighty is a great movie. It about a newsreporter, Bruce Nolan (Jim Carrey), that has a bad day a work(gets fired) and thinks that God is punishing him. So God (Morgan Freedman) meets him at a warehouse and tell Bruce that he can have all his powers. Then Bruce has fun with the God powers gets his job back, but sometimes its hard to be God. You'll have to watch the rest of the movie to find the rest out. :) Their are some great parts in the movie like when he gets a monkey to crawl out of a guys butt, when he gets prayers, it saids "You got prayers" instead of "you got mail". Overall the story was pretty good and funny. If you want to have some good laughs and giggles, watch this and some scenes are not appropriate with children. hehe. Though it is PG-13. Rating 9.2/1 
George Sluizer's original Dutch-French version of The Vanishing (aka The Man Who Wanted to Know) offers one of European cinema's most quietly disturbingly anonymous and everyday sociopaths, feeling his way one step at a time towards murder. If you've seen that version, you probably still can't get the final revelation out of your head, but the film had plenty more to offer than that, playing with chronology, subverting the usual cliches of its 'Lady Vanishes' plot (the hero wants to know what happened to his missing lover far more than he wants her to be alive) and throwing in some excellent characterization. I can only assume that for this 1993 US remake Sluizer was so determined that no-one else was going to get the chance to ruin his film when he was perfectly capable of doing it himself, but few people could have anticipated how comprehensively he trashes his own work. His career never recovered. Chief culprit is an astonishing performance by Jeff Bridges that has been overthought through in every detail to a truly disastrous level. A friend who produced one of his earliest movies noted that Bridges was a great instinctive actor as long as you stopped him thinking about what he was doing, and this film is the proof of the pudding. Every movement is overly mechanical in its precision, making him look like a rusty clockwork toy, while his voice is a bizarre mixture of Tootsie, Latka Gravas from Taxi and a Dalek who have all been taking elocution lessons from Dok-tah E-ville. No banality of evil here, just a looney walking around with an invisible sign over his head saying "Please. Let. Me. Kill. You. Thank you. For your. Consideration.' But the blame really needs to be shared out here. None of the performances are good: often, they don't even look good - Keifer Sutherland looks more like a baby hamster than a distraught man at his wits end in the hurried scenes at the gas station, Nancy Travis flounders badly and Sandra Bullock makes no impression at all as the object of his obsession. Not that they're given any help by either director or writer Todd Graff. The script is particularly weak. The chronology has been altered to put the focus firmly on Bridges at the expense of the couple at the opening of the film. Worse is the rush the film is in, draining the life and character from each scene in its race to get to the next. Rather than the high/low mood shifts in the couple's relationship or the apparently casual but careful establishing of the feel of the location, we just get a couple of arguments that give you the impression that he's probably better off without her. As for the new and improved happy ending - standard woman chased by nutter in the woods jeopardy stuff complete with lame `let's end on a joke like a TV cop show' moment - best not go there... which is advice that holds for this entire trainwreck of a movie. Even a shockingly bland and uninspired Jerry Goldsmith score can't do anything for this one. 
I turned it off after 20 minutes 
This excellent DVD gives us a remarkable version of Martin Scorsese's film. It has been color corrected by Scorsese himself, and remastered for superior sound quality. The concert on Thanksgiving Day in 1976 was the final concert of The Band, with its original lineup. Numerous special musical guests enhanced the occasion. The Band were clearly at the top of their game that night, despite whatever personal tensions may have existed between them. Classic songs like "Up on Cripple Creek", "Stage Fright",and "They Night They Drove Old Dixie Down" are given excellent rendtions. The guest stars seem to be having a good time, with backing by The Band themselves. Ronnie Hawkins does an outstanding "Who Do You Love". Dr. John does his classic "Such A Night". Joni Mitchell performs her underrated "Coyote". A high-kickin' Van Morrison rocks the house with "Caravan". And blues legend Muddy Waters does a spectacular "Mannish Boy". In a "making of" featurette, Scorsese says Waters' perforance of this song was almost not filmed, because most of the cameras ran out of film. Fortunately, one cameraman caught the whole song, so we can have this excellent performance. Neil Young, Eric Clapton,and Bob Dylan are just some of the other performers in this outstanding lineup. Scorsese also provides excellent behind the scenes interviews with the members of The Band. The DVD also incudes two commentaries. One features Scorsese and Robbie Robertson, the other features Levon Helm, Garth Hudson, and guests stars Hawkins and Mavis Staples. They all have good stories to tell, and serve to enhance the film quite well. A previously unseen jam, and an eight page booklet written by Robertson round out the DVD. I highly reccomend this DVD to this classic film's many fans 
The movie was Great!! But they left a few things out in the movie that were in the book!! There were more siblings in the book. But this is still a must see and must read! 
What can I say? This is a darn good action/adventure flick. There's suspense, guns/ammo, mummies, creepy crawly insects, tombs, and all that there is that make an action movie excellent. This is one example of good escapism. Kudos to Fraser, Weisz, and Sommers for exquisitely remaking the original "Mummy." A 
My 2 year old loves watching the DVD as well as listening to the CD in the car. I have to admit that I have memorized all of the songs on the CD and the dances on the DVD too...they are very catchy and I find myself singing them to myself when my daughter is not even around! The lyrics are really cute and the beats are great. Simple music but very creative. I signed up for updates on Laurie Berkner's website so I can find out when/if she ever comes to town so my daughter (and I, of course) can go see her. She is a great alternative to Barney and all of the other commercial characters, who I don't care much for. I have bought this DVD/CD combo for all of my friends who have kids 
Introduction 3 Games to Glory III is a two-disc video compilation of the 2004 New England Patriots playoffs, including their Super Bowl victory over the Philadelphia Eagles 24-21 in Super Bowl XXXIX. This Super Bowl victory was the Patriots third in four years, marking them as the team of `00s. For New England Patriots fans it's a chance to relive the glory of back-to-back Super Bowl victories and three championships in four years. Non-New England Patriots fans probably would not particularly enjoy this in-depth video. Main Features 3 Games to Glory III provides extensive highlights of both New England Patriots' playoff wins and Super Bowl victory after the 2004 season. These playoffs found New England once again schooling the Indianapolis Colts in yet another year where Peyton Manning and the vaunted Colts offensive choke under playoff pressure. The high flying Colts offense was throttled by the superior schemes and tough play of the Patriots in a 20-3 AFC Divisional Playoff win at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, Massachusetts. This is followed by New England's dramatic defeat of the Pittsburgh Steelers, 41-27, in the AFC Championship Game at Heinz Field in Pittsburgh. The Patriots entered this game as decided underdogs to the 15-1 Steelers after being throttled by Pittsburgh earlier in the season. Finally, you get to enjoy the extensive highlights of New England's impressive 24-21 win over the NFC Champion Philadelphia Eagles. This is yet another game where New England's superior execution and stamina in the later stages of the game brought them ultimate glory. The Super Bowl was played in Jacksonville, Florida on February 6, 2005. The highlights of each game are very extensive and seem to cover nearly every play. They are also mostly well done, but frankly the highlights often fail to capture the real drama of the game. Of course no highlight reel can match the excitement and drama of a live contest, but there are times when key turning points of the game really just become another quick hit in the video. There are a few disappointments in this video though and it's not quite as well done as the preceding 3 Games to Glory II (covering the Patriots playoff run and Super Bowl victory after the 2003 season). First, there is not as much pre-game drama and preparation presented in these videos compared to last year. Secondly, there are not as many close up, on the field shots that bring the game right into your living room. It's much more distant and not as close up as previous editions in this series. Despite these drawbacks, it's still great to relive a great season through these videos. Bonus Features The bonus features on this edition of 3 Games to Glory are not nearly as good as the ones on 3 Games to Glory II. The bonus features are nice they just didn't live up the standard in the previous edition. Following is a brief rundown of what you'll get on the DVD. There are some "Bill Belichick" breakdowns of key plays for each game but there are very few of them and really leaves the viewer wanting more. There's also a "Points After: Sounds of the Game" which shows post-Super Bowl press conference features, but again, it's really short and leaves you wanting more. The "Patriot's All Access" which appears along with each of the playoff and Super Bowl wins shows locker room scenes and practices, team meetings, and other shots of players as they prepare for games. These are pretty well done short features that add a great deal to the video. The "All Access" section for the Super Bowl of course included pre-game plane trip, post game party and the parade. I find these a bit boring frankly, but I guess it's nice to see the players up close on their daily routines. The Super Bowl Highlights are shown twice, once with the regular commentary and once with commentary from Rosevelt Colvin (LB), Ted Johnson (LB), and Matt Light (T). Matt Light is a funny guy and this was more entertaining than the one last year. I thought the best bonus feature was one on Disc Two called "Views from the Past" with interviews with three great players from previous decades - Gino Cappelletti of the 1960's, Michael Haynes of the 1970's, and Andre Tippett of the 1980's and 1990's. This conversation was mostly about comparing this current Patriots' team with teams of the past and how the game has changed over the decades. Finally, the video has the 2005 playoff roster, Super Bowl stats, and 2005 game by game results - just like you can get in any book, it just shows it printed on the screen. Overall, while all these bonus features are nice, 3 Games to Glory III is not nearly as good as 3 Games to Glory II. It did not include an extensive behind the scenes segment on the Super Bowl, which I found fascinating on the previous edition, nor did it have highlights for each game of the regular season like the previous edition. I found the lack of these too items very disappointing as I thought they were outstanding editions to last year's disc. Nevertheless, the bonus features overall are nice, just nice as nice as last time. Bottom Line All New England fans should enjoy reliving a third Super Bowl win through this highlights package. It's mostly well done and certainly brings back great memories of a great season. Those who are not Patriots fans I am sure would find the video quite boring. Disclaimer: I am a die hard New England Patriots fan and am totally biased in this review 
The question at hand in the film Paradise Lost is not as much did these three teenagers commit this heinous act, but rather was there enough evidence to convict them for the murders. The answer, presented by material in the film, is an unflinching no. There was only speculation and rumor to convict the three. The film's strengths are that it doesn't preach, at least not in an overly wrought narrative, and it contains intimate moments with the accused and their families as well as the families of the victims. I can understand the pain and confusion of the victim's families. What is hard to understand is the bloodlust and need for revenge and retribution that immediately takes hold of them. The victims' families are the most terrifying aspect of this film. At one point the mother of the Byrnes child says in a hateful and spiteful tone "I hate them... I hate them and the mother's that bore them." Is there anything wrong with being hellishly angry with someone who has butchered your child? No, quite natural really. But the point of this film is that judgment was passed on these kids long before the trial even started. I imagine the Bible belt is a very scary place to be raised in... I'll have to ask Brad Pitt what he thinks about it some time. On the issue of the prosecution. They had next to nothing. A very questionable confession from a terrified kid, Jessie, with a 72 IQ, hearsay from a couple of kids who claim they heard Damien bragging about the murder but have no proof, a knife found behind Damien's house which doesn't match the wounds on the bodies, and the assertion that because Damien read about Wicca, he must be a Satanist. To look at the three kids is also an interesting aspect of the film. Jessie, a very small and slow kid seems a bit lost in the world. His IQ is low but he has no previous records of any type of behavior that would associate him with murder. Jason speaks in short breathless words and seems also to suffer from a low IQ. Damien is the key to everything in this film though. The defense made the key mistake of letting Damien take the stand for two reasons. The first reason is that Damien appears to have ADD and after the first 10 minutes of questioning he sort of fades away and answers in bland yes and no's. The second reason, and the most important, is that Damien is obviously extremely bright. Normally this wouldn't seem to be a problem but judging from every single person the filmmakers put on camera, smart people are hard to come by in that area of the world. Damien scared them. All of this adds up to the fact that there was not enough evidence to put these kids away and there were other, more sinister and shocking, suspects that needed to be pursued. The war rages on for the West Memphis Three and it is indeed frightening to think that they did it, and terrifying to think they didn't 
This movie didn't do anything for me...Didn't care for the characters or the plot. The ending was disapointing also. 
I've been had is all I can say, after reading other reviews I really thought this would be an interesting, exciting movie. Instead, the story is lame, the acting is pretty pathetic and it is so NOT scary or at least gripping. I watched the whole thing as I thought maybe I am missing something, but no there is no twist thats worth mentioning as the whole movie is predictable from beginning to end. Sorry guys, but this is nowhere near, Audition, Tale of two Sisters or even Whispering Corridors 
Well, nice cinematography as set-designer work: nicely interiors and well dressed actors. Maybe, visually it is enough to keep you watching this movie once, but not enough to consider it as a remarkable movie of year, as other reviewers trying to assure 
Star Wars, in any format, will always be the greatest movie of all time 
This movie was so boring and stupid, I turned it off after about 45 minutes. Maybe I had a poor copy, but I could barely understand what Paula Prentiss was saying -- and it wasn't because she was under the influence! I ran it back a few times but still couldn't make it out. From the other reviewers, it sounds like it got better but, if something doesn't grab my attention after 30 minutes, I say forget it 
As a moderate skiier, and a filmmaker myself, this hits it home for me. Warren Miller films are always shown locally, and there's hardly anything imaginable that could make me miss his new movie every year. Not being a Heavy Metal fan, historically the music tends to be distracting, alas this (past) year's edition "Storm" had just the right amount of pizazz and flare to make it my favorite yet. There are moments nearly every year that I take home with me, but Storm was filled with the most amazing skiing, some of the most unique locations, and might add the most exhilarating editing I've seen in quite a while! Kudos to you folks! If you can appreciate the splendor of mountain island skiing that harldy anyone on earth has even seen, let alone skiied, then this DVD will certainly expediate your plans for skiing this coming season. You might not go to South Georgia Island, but there's plenty of skiing nearby...just roadtrip and split a cabin : 
"Fargo" is a very good film. The Cohen Brothers put another feather in their cap with this suspenseful film. The film stars Jerry Lundegaard (William H. Macy) as a car salesman in dire need of money. When he hires a couple of losers to kidnap his wife for ransom, things go from bad to worse. I couldn't help feeling sorry for the wife as she tries to escape from the clutches of her kidnappers. The father of the kidnapped wife does not want to play along with the ransom, and decides to act on his own. Jerry now finds himself in an even deeper mess. Moreover, he has a saavy police chief (McDormand) on the case. The film is a definite black-comedy, as many of the Cohen brother's films are. This one is a bit more disturbing than usual however. Hot on the case is a policewoman, Marge Gunderson (Frances McDormand). She is witty and intelligent and knows something is not right. Steve Buscemi stars as one of the kidnappers, and his partner has a few loose marbles. The film is a delightful [at times funny] film that is highly recommended. Moreover, there are many colorful and funny character actors in the film, which only enhance the films appeal. There are also some disturbing scenes, however, the film is well worth the watch and purchase. Highly recommended. [Stars: 4.5 
Luc Besson's "The Professional" raises the stakes of Besson's playful women-with-guns theme by making the heroine a 12-year-old, played by a then unknown Natalie Portman. In "The making of The Professional" Besson says "If I imagine somebody in the street try to knock on my daughter, I kill the guy, in five seconds. I kill him, and I think "It's in me, I'm a beast!" On this part we can't forget that a part of us, the genetic things inside are much, much older than The Ten Commandments". He certainly uses visceral scenes to create very strong emotion in the movie - the blood running from Mathilda's nose or Stansfield's unforgettable "EVERYONE!" are just a couple of examples. The music and the sound are good and are used in a masterly fashion - you can hear Fat man's heart beating desperately or a low claustrophobic sound when Stansfield turns to look at Mathilda's father. Leon however does not work only on this primary level; it also has an intelligent story. It may seem to be almost a fairy-tale, but don't be fooled - just like his character Besson is serious. This movie has a message: without love we are dead, even if we don't see it. Only true love give meaning to our lives: "everything else reminds me a big yogurt: warm and rancid" as Mathilda says in the original script, which is available on the net under the name Leon Version 1. Is this true in "real life"? I don't know but this movie can make you wonder. Then of course there's the sensuality. It's hypocritical to deny it; the camera interacts with Mathilda in a mesmerizing fashion. It's not sick and it's not degrading: its art, subtle and beautiful. Leon is not perfect but it has so many great moments that all its flaws can be forgiven. It's a movie that really should not be missed, unless you are concerned with its amorality. And don't be - Leon is less violent than many action movies and the unusual relationship between the main characters is handled mostly with genuine feeling and tact. 
I could explain to you all about each show but you already know. What makes this collection great is the fact as to how it is packaged along with the price. You get 5 Christmas TV classics in a collectors case along with a 20 song sing-a-long CD. And for 25 bucks that is a deal you can't beat. That's roughly 5 bucks a show not including the CD. I got this set just so my 5 year old can grow up watching some of the "good" Christmas shows that I did. 
The reason I believe the Ring is a classic horror movie is because it disturbs me on a VERY personal, unexplainable level. You see, the main storyline of the Ring is the fact that this video tape has been created, and anyone who watches this video tape will die in some unusual, twisted manner. It's up to a reporter woman named Rachel to figure everything out. She's the main character of the film, along with her son. As I mention above, something very unusual about the film effects me in a way I can't explain. First of all, the entire film is very effectively well-done the way everything is dark and damp and, for lack of better words, SCARY! The one thing I remembered after watching the Ring are some of the things that were on that video tape. The mirror on the wall, and the location of the ladder are two things I could have SWORN I've seen somewhere before, like a childhood memory I can't figure out. Like I've been SOMEWHERE and seen those things before. Like the video tape used in the storyline actually existed before the film was released in 2003, and I believe I've actually SEEN the footage on that video tape many years ago *somewhere* because the sequence with the mirror and the ladder looked *incredibly* familiar. I can't explain what it is but this is the main reason I find the movie so delightful. 
I wanted to see a movie one evening, and it really didn't matter what movie, I just wanted to get out of the house, and get to a theater. I looked at the listings and decided to see "In Good Company", and I'm certainly glad I did. I found this movie to be very entertaining, and very enjoyable to watch. I thought this movie really showed a new edge to Scarlett Johansson as well. In a way this movie was also an eye-opener on todays' corporate America, and its' all too often pitfalls. Nicely produced, acted, and directed. 
After much debate, I decided to view this film with an open mind. The performances are outstanding. I really liked the music composition, as it flowed gently with the story. In a way, I'm glad this film didnt't win "Best Picture". For one reason. The on-location scenery is absolutely breathtaking to watch. Maybe its too perfect. Later on, We find out it's not Wyoming, but it Alberta, Canada. Take a star away! Overall, this is a movie that will advance gay right in the United States. For those who don't like it, "the train has left the station! 
I really enjoyed this movie. Death Warrant was filled with supense and action. Jean-Claude Van Damme portrays officer Louis Burke who goes undercover to investigate murder and corruption in the prison system. Eventually officer Burke meets up with a convicted murderer that he had arrested and put behind bars. I did not lose interest with the nonstop suspense and action. Sincerely, Renee Ra 
What is the deal. Cant Hollywood leave well enough alone. How many classic animated movies are they going to ruin with sequels? Let me think, their was Balto 2, Little Mermaid 2, Aladdin 2 and three, Secret of Nimh 2, Land before time 2,3,4,5,6,7 etc. enough already. Next thing you know they'll be making a Lion King 2, and a Buity and the Beast 2. O wait, they already did that didn't they. All the movies I have named were great originals but God awful sequels. ADGTH 2 is just as bad. If you loved the original, STAY AWAY FROM ITS SEQUAL. 
BEING COPIED FROM TV THE QUALITY CAME OUT GREAT. GOOD CHOISE OF SHOW 
If your not already hooked on the story of these interns you have some catching up to do. Its not your typical medical drama and certainly worth watching.. 
I just finished watching When Harry Met Sally for probably the tenth time. It's been years since I've seen it and I enjoyed watching it with a new girlfriend. I couldn't get over the fact that I still laughed several times, almost as if I'd never seen the movie before. My interpretation, after all these years, was that the movie showed how people and relationships evolve over the years and how this movie realistically depicted couples going through the paces of petty arguments, infatuation, etc. without stooping to sugary sentiment. I took Harry and Sally as unique individuals with their human quirks that made them more lovable. I didn't see them as somehow representative of "all men" or "all women." Then I watched the extra documentary on the DVD which I had never seen until now. Big mistake. My new "interpretation" of the film was suddenly cast aside as I remembered that I actually didn't like this movie as much when it first came out. Over time I had grown to accept the fact that I could still like a movie and its characters without actually agreeing with what they said or how they behaved. What I had forgotten was Billy Crystal's, Rob Reiner's (director) and Nora Ephron's (writer) agenda that these two characters actually were supposed to represent the genders. Gag. The views of the characters are presented as if they were fact. Men supposedly always think about sex and can't be friends with women. Most if not all women have faked an orgasm. All men are clueless to the fakery. And so on. I can only hope that these dinosour views are only representative of the Boomer generation and older folks (no one on this film is even close being a member of Gen X) because this does not represent the reality of all humans. You'll notice in the documentary that they only interview people above the age of 40 to "prove" their case. If they'd interviewed an empowered 25 year old woman maybe she would have let them have it - "No, I won't fake it. If he sucks in bed I'm going to tell him." And as for men, some of us younger ones are actually perceptive enough to actually know when the woman does fake it. None of this changes this classic film. That's the great thing about art - it's open to interpretation. I can watch this film and define it my way - two unique and funny people who took a long time to get their act together and fall in love. Otherwise, I'd hate this movie. But I won't give Reinder, Ephron et al that much power. Just because they were narrow minded about gender roles doesn't mean I have to be about their film. If you agree with the characters in the film, by all means, watch the documentary. But if you see the movie as being about two interesting characters, pass it by. Don't let a DVD extra taint your pov 
All Monty Python movies are a must-see. I think my generation has seen them all. I hope the younger generation (less than 40) watch at least one. The humor is at many levels, so the movie should be watched multiple times to soak it all in. This just means the movie gets funnier with each viewing. Like all good humor, it includes truthful commentaries about society and human behavior in general, as well as, politics and religion (without getting nasty) 
I just opened a box with a Cesar Millan book and THIS DVD. Imagine my surprise. I don't like the pairing of this book with Cesar's stuff either! Now I have an extra errand and cost to ship back. If anything like this ever happens again, there are other sites to order from online. I don't want it to be too much work to browse and "study" the copy...I feel a bit cheated 
Don't expect a comedy in the vein of TRINITY or THEY CALL ME TRINITY. If you do, you are in for a fall. Both of those were silly but redeemed themselves by being entertaining. This one has no such pretensions. It is merely boring. The story concerns a corrupt mining company out to cheat the local town's folk out of their claims. They do this through intimidation and violence. When a couple of friends get hold of a claim, they put together a plan to secure that claim and those of the rest of the town from the bad guys. To do this, they enlist the aide of a traveling circus to serve as a distraction. They yell, they fight, they wrestle, they shoot and then they do it some more. Its not very exciting cinema. This production is made worse by the DVD. I suspect that the original film was a rather low budget affair. The DVD, however, is of such low quality that who could really tell? The edges are clipped off, the transfer is grainy and the effect is of someone holding a hidden handycam in a theater trying to bootleg it. IT was not worth the effort. Spaghetti westerns can be fun. This one, however, needs the Pepto Bismol right from the beginning to drive off the heartburn. 
as I remember when i watched the original chinese version, although it wasnt any big deal but I did like it as I remember, but this version is totally destroy that feeling, something about the translation is just bad to the core makes the movie like a piece of crap, especially some sound effect. Why don't they put the original track in it I hard can understand. if u can find some asian version and rewatch it u would agree with me. it worth my 3 stars with the original trac 
Not as much tap dancing as the other ones. You probaly have to be Irish to understand the theme because I didn't 
This is a sweet comedy with alot of formula but it works! Sometimes you have to fight for love and it takes something like a movie star moving in on the girl to push you to action. Predictable but funny. Isn't love worth fighting for 
I received this DVD from my brother who is possibly a bigger Kevin Smith fan than I am. I thought the fact that he was giving away his copy was pretty odd at the time until I watched the DVD myself. The Degrassi episodes are amazingly boring and Jay and Silent Bob's toned-down appearances don't help much. I really liked the original Degrassi series so I was disappointed by this DVD. There are some funny moments in the "Extras" section of the DVD but I would still only recommend this as a "rent" or something to buy used if you are a diehard fan. 
I love love love this movie, but you have to make sure you get the VHS version (where the VHS cover is the cast riding in the car.) Lucky for me, this is the one I own. By mistake, I purchased the "wrong" version for a friend and we sat down to watch it together. The music in the DVD version is TERRIBLE compared to the original (don't even get me started on the c.d. soundtrack.) Whoever made the blunder of re-doing this for DVD re-release needs to be fired 
Newman, Redford, Robert Shaw as the bad guy, twists and turns and wry humor every 20 frames or so...how can anyone not like "The Sting"? When I saw it on the big screen upon its first release, I did not think it deserved the Oscar as best film of its year, although I enjoyed it. Now, decades later, and after having seen it perhaps 20 times, at least in pieces, I think it one of the best achievements in movie-making in its century. It has STYLE, and a consistent sensibility, and logic, and on first viewing, it will keep you guessing as to who is going to come out on top. I can't imagine that anyone over 30 hasn't seen it yet, but if that's you, fix it as soon as possible. It is a primer in how to write, direct and act in a fairly long movie without ever boring the audience. Newman's drunken card-player on the train with Shaw is absolutely classic 
I am always up for a new genre of film, but the reviews here are misleading. The basic plot of the movie is that life sucks (yeah thats it). The rest of it is just sick. If your really into perversion then okay you'd probably get more out of it then I did, but for the viewers who haven't been almost raped by their fathers, or killed their grandparents or shot themselves in public this isn't the movie for you. If you still want to see the movie try and get it from netflix or borrow it from a friend before you dish out the cash 
Love the movie, but the quality of the DVD put out by Alpha Video was so bad it was very difficult to watch. The sound was scratchy and muffled and the picture looked as if the brightness was turned all the way up. If you don't want to be disappointed and feel like you've been ripped off, wait for the remastered cut before you buy this one 
The books are witty and charming. This, in stark contrast, is formulaic schlock. Americans -- and much of the world's consumers -- prefer their entertainment predigested so it doesn't require chewing, so they consume the same nutritionless movieland cliches endlessly. In the land of limitless equality, everything is reduced to equal tastelessness. If you want impart the capacity for discernment to your child, you could start by avoiding this twaddle. The Eloise books are special, while this movie is mere product 
maybe because I didn't like Porco. Everything was sub-par for me. Animation is definitely not as good as his later movies. Not enough weirdness, tried too much for the plot. Everything was just too ho-hum. As if he tried to carry the whole movie on Porco's shoulders. But once you got past the fact that everyone else was human and Porco was a pig there wasn't anything else there. 
i loved this movie. for those who gave it one star i guess didnt see how well it was done. In the american version all it was..was Sarah Michelle Gellar's face. The Japanese version was much better (considering it was original and made more sense). it has alot of characters in it but not so much that u will get lost in all of them since they usually die or just dont appear until later in the film.It has some twists which are good.The american leaves out soo sooo much. In the american one it was basically a dead girl killing random people. In the Japanese one it is touching because the whole time the ghost was reaching out for help. anyway i recommend this to anyone who loves Asian horror and likes a good plot and movie!! go see it!! and enjoy 
I enjoy the initial season of Murder She Wrote very much. My wife and I are getting pretty good at discovering new clues to Who Dun IT. Frequently, though, it gets very frustrating to have the picture freeze or scramble up. Often the audio gets out of synch with the video. Terrible! We surely wanted to go ahead and order the second seasons, but now -- about 3/4 the way through, I think we'll just skip on buying these cheap double sided DVD's 
I'm guessing that many of the reviewers are watching this movie through a haze of childhood nostalgia. I had not seen this movie as a child; those that say it's faithful to the book must have read something other than Lewis Carroll's Alice. However, the kitsch value is considerable; cheezy music and costumes, pure 1985. That being said, the Jabberwock was pretty cool in that "Godzilla-man-in-the-rubber-suit" sort of way. Also, the set design was very handsome. It's too bad that the lighting technology of the time couldn't have been more varied; everything looks somewhat flat and two dimensional. The film that comes closest to Tenniel's original Alice illustrations is the 1933 Paramount b w version; it's not available on dvd but occasionally turns up on Turner Classics 
This is a very good, well made dvd which is fulled of idea to prepare dinner for your family. 
This is a great video, my daughter learned all her ABC's with the letter factory and now she is learning words and she is not even two yet! Go leap frog 
This was not very good, in my opinion. The Ring scared the bejeezus outta me. This was not scary. Two weeks afterwards, I still find my mind wandering about one thing...why the heck didn't they just kick that little boy in the head and send him accross the room? If I walk into my house and see a half-naked boy meowing and hissing at me, I'm gonna flip him over my knee and give him a good spankin 
This is one of my favorite horror movies of the 1980s. It's an updated version on an old theme: Save the young heroine from the evil, blood-sucking vampire. Chris Sarandon (Lifetime Movie Channel staple) has an absolute field day playing the villainous Jerry Dandridge. Amanda Bearse ("Married with Children") plays Amy, the young high school target of Dandridge's desires. And William Ragsdale (a Hollywood newcomer at the time) plays Charley, the young hero who does his best to convince others to help him save Amy. No one really believes Charley's rantings that his new neighbor next door is a vampire. Charley's geeky best friend (played devilishly well by Stephen Geoffreys) doesn't believe him; nor does Amy. Desperate, Charley enlists the help of has-been horror actor and TV host "Peter Vincent, Vampire Killer." Equally desperate, Vincent takes the job as Charley's "savior" because he was fired as TV host and needs the money. Roddy McDowall plays Peter Vincent extraordinarily well - first as an actor out to (wink-wink) "convince" Charley that Jerry Dandridge is NOT a vampire, and then genuinely terrified when he discovers evidence that Charley's suspicions are true. Dandridge, upon meeting Amy, sees her unearthly resemblance to a woman he once loved. He is immediately infatuated with the young girl. But first, realizing his secret is out, Dandridge acts quickly to rid himself of the problem of Charley and his pesky friends. The special makeup effects in this film are terrific and imaginative. The script is tightly written and well acted and Tom Holland's direction makes it work. (Holland's other works include "Child's Play," "Thinner," "The Temp," and "Thinner"). The DVD transfer is sharp and clean. The disc features both a standard full screen version (4:3) and a widescreen version (2.35:1). Sound is presented as 2-channel, Dolby Surround. The only DVD extra is the theatrical trailer. Sub-titles are available in several languages: English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Chinese, Korean, and Thai. The disc is also close-captioned for the hearing impaired. Specs: Running time: 116 mins. Copyright 1985 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Copyright 1998 Layout and Design Columbia TriStar Home Vide 
Michael Moriarity is my hero! He is just one of the coolest actors in my opinion. He has done such great B-movies as this, Q, and It's Alive 3: Island of the Alive. How awesome is he?? Anyways, I think that this movie was hilarious! I think a lot of people take this movie too seriously, thinking that it is going to be your typical movie. But you shouldn't because not only is this a B-movie, but IT IS supposed to be funny. My favorite part is when "the stuff" started bubbeling out of the ground and that old hick guy just starts eating it. Who would do that?? I just started laughing by butt off when that happened. So if you watch this movie, just sit back and enjoy it for what it's worth, don't be too critical on it. What I learned from The Stuff: Dairy products are evil! Especially if they come from with in the earth! If you like The Stuff, I recommend: Watching other B-movies, such as Island of the Alive 3, Zombi 3 and 4, etc 
I cannot believe the black actor in this film is so sterotypical of the ghetto or uneducated image we've seen in films like "baby boy". Almost every line he had included a cuss word or n word. He didn't add a thing to the film except to be an annoyance. I don't know what this film was about. There are parts where there is a long silence with no talking. The whole movie was shot in the house with the exception of the maid when she finally leaves the house. There are a few scenes where the characters are running around without any obvious aim. The film attempts to make the audience interested only to leave us saying, "what was all that excitement about?" 
This wasn't all that funny Nor did I see romance I saw instead four drama queens Plus one more wearing pants Unlike Carrie and her pals This ain't $ex and the City Three are married, one is not And all deserving pity Three have money, one does not Olivia's a maid She walked out on her teaching job And now is underpaid Franny got hers in a will Jane from designing clothes Christine is a writer while Olivia's debt grows Despite the money that they have None of them are content Insecure and neurotic And certainly high rent But if you really look at them They reflect our inner fears Getting fat, and getting old And thinking no one cares To enjoy this chick flick movie You have to dig down deep Explore your inner feelings And then drift off to sleep Rated: 3.5 stars Amanda Richards, October 29, 2006 
Although "deleted scenes" are promised on the back cover of the box, there are no deleted scenes on the DVD. Instead there's a perfunctory "documentary" which interviews the cast and other creators, who recite a common litany of how much fun it was to make the film. In this short segment there are a very few informal shots of the players that aren't in the film, but there are no deleted scenes in the normal usage of the term. Rather disappointing since the cast in audio commentary talks about seemingly dozens of neat scenes that "hopefully will be in the DVD deleted scenes section." Also, although the box promises "2.35 wide screen," the film is pan-and-scan and only slightly letterboxed at about a 1.85 to 1 ratio. Some of the scenes are annoying because of the missing portion of the image. Also, it's not a gross teen comedy as the box copy suggests, more of a puppy-love romance with the "four buddies" comedy stuff as a sidebar. Which makes it potentially better, I guess, but it suffers from a lack of talent, especially in Ventimiglia's acting and in the writing. Very anemic; not much here. In the key scenes the players just hem and haw, since they're not given much to say. Kevin Kirkpatrick, in a small part, is way beyond the rest of the cast in acting sophistication. He draws a very perceptive portrait; extremely funny, but not a typical caricature, the most real character in the movie 
I really want to give this piece of garbage a Zero. Actually, I only watched part of one episode, I don't know if it's from season one. I am a Columbo fan, and a detective writer. I saw a sniper shoot a man on a platform. The platform was almost located right up against a building the sniper was in! A toilet with flowers in it. He reacts to colds? I saw a classroom full of kids. EVERY ONE had a cold! Not very realistic. Kiddie video game pacing, with no proper build up. They don't make stuff for intelligent people anymore! If you are new to this series, watch some before you buy. Maybe some of it is ok. 
I bought this movie without seeing it first and have now watch it at least two times through. Some chapters, I watch several more times. This movie has three things against it. First, I was very disappointed with the number of product placements in this movie. It takes alot away from the whole movie. Second, it has too much of the same stuff that can be seen in any recently released WM movie. Same people doing the same exact things. Third, the sound track was way below par. I'm still a Warren Miller fan and the movie does have some good ski footage. But, I don't think the WM bunch went out of their way to make this a good ski movie. 
A film about the porn industry in the late 70's early 80's. Great Cast, Great Performances, Great Story, just a Great Film. Unique approach to the subject, characters that are flashy yet human with real emotion ,characters played by Julianne Moore, Don Cheadle, Heather Graham, William H. Macy, and Burt Reynolds respectfully, are great to watch. This is a performance piece 
Why oh why do they keep placing redneck Tim Allen in Christmas movies? He can't act and he is disgusting. I am ashamed at Jamie Lee Curtis for reducing herself to this garbage. I can understand Tim Allen thinking this was a good script, the producer probably mailed the script to him as a coloring book with pictures...but I had higher expectations from Jamie Lee Curtis. I have to say I usually love her. But she was awful in this film. She is reduced to whining and crying. She does little else besides agreeing to everything her caveman husband tells her. Tim Allen was awful from day one in his redneck Middle America sitcom, and to this day retains that disgusting, overweight, burping middle America character. Why do they keep putting him in Christmas films? It really does nauseate me to no ends to see him playing Santa Claus. 
This DVD is exactly what I've been waiting for and its FINALLY available. If you love KITH like I do, its totally worth it to buy this DVD. It was like swimming in Kids In The Hall HEAVEN! It gives you a complete list of the easily accessable episodes and what skits are in each one. The bonus stuff is awesome,though I haven't watched all of it yet. I also loved how the dvd lets you control your Kids-fix. If you only have time for a quick skit, you can go right to which skit you want. If you want to watch one whole episode, you can go to what episode you want to watch with ease. Or if you want to just lose yourself in a big Kids marathon you can select 
seems like this video could be useful, but the trainer is terrible at working the camera and makes you feel uncomfortable watching it, yet alone trying to work out to it....some of the moves were cool, but all in all i will trade this in for something else 
I woke up this morning with a burning desire to remember the end of Fellini Satyricon. Someone is mortally wounded, the blonde guy? And lies there dying, watching his best friend go off with the boy they both desired, Gitone, and some dancing leaping black guy.... I think. I've seen it probably 9 times, it always was a favorite when I was a teen and older, but I haven't seen it for years. But it was so visually entrancing, and so truly pre-Christian -- that is, made from that standpoint, which movies seldom are or can be! I just remember the wonderul images, a boat rising in the mist, the strange tenement bldg they (Ascylto and Encolpio) live in, the sea monster, the bacchanale, the hermaphrodite's cavern, the Minotaur..... endless, splendid, dreamlike images on and on.... [I wonder why it is Italians are such master of the visual in this manner; I think of Visconti, Antonioni, even Scorsese and the American-Italians -- maybe it's that Renaissance artist legacy?] From my buddy: Like you, I saw it a few times, decades ago. The images are so strong and mysterious. Images that render volumes of emotions that are so deep, echoing a memory that is never realized. Modern day, Scorsese manages it. Zefferelli too. That is true film-making. Even the older films from De Sica capture images that are unforgettable. Wells has done it. But what you're talking about, is, I suppose, secular in nature. Icons derived from the human experience that has meaning from within the human soul. Not from an outward omnipresence of theology. Satyricon is almost existential, as a presentation of true human nature. Done with frame-paintings. And framed in such a way that is evocative. Amazing dream art! 
I got this movie on sale a couple years ago. It looked pretty good, but you know how most of that goes. I really lke movies like Scream, I thought it would be like that, but nope. This movie was a hundred percent perdictable. I knew everything that was gonna happen in this movie. From the first seen you can tell it's gonna suck. *Spoiler* The first seen has a guy walking down a dorm hallway, when he hears a door open and close and goes to check it out. The lights flicker (Wow how original) and a person... in a really, really stupid mask shows up and kills him with an ax. This is what happens throughout the entire movie. Don't waste your time or money. If you really want to see it i would suggest renting it... not worth more than 3.00 anytime 
This film is one of the worst I've ever seen. Amatuerish in dialogue, acting, plot direction etc etc....sure it's bubblegum for late at night but it's really breathtakingly awful 
I purchased this movie because I love Chris Cooper as an actor and because the reviews were very positive. I played the movie yesterday and boy, was I disappointed. The movie was much too slow and boring. I love mysteries and hate dramas therefore I thought the little personal stories throughout with flashbacks actually detracted from what I thought was going to be a good mystery story. In the end the mystery is solved with a thud and don't get me started on the quasi Luke Leia moment at the end. PLEASE! 
Very good acting and a fantastic script put this movie at the top of the list of must see movies of this decade. You have to decide for yourself about the spiritual quality and message but I personally thought it was well done. Joaquin Phoenix puts in his usual top notch performance 
When I am watching a 1984 sci-fi movie, I am not expecting to see an oscar calibur portrail full of twists and turns. Some may call it predictible, but myself I feel that the story flowed and made sense. Too many times have I seen a movie wher its certainly unpredictable because the plot climax comes out of nowhere. Tom Sellek plays the part well and is very believeable as a hardened and some what cynical cop. Gene Simmons in one of his only noteworthy film performances takes his KISS type persona and plays the evil genius well. I for one enjoyed this movie alot, and unlike Blade Runner didn't find myself watching it 5 times to understand the very shallow story line. If you are looking for a believeable near future story, pick this up 
This is his absolute WORST videos, not his BEST. You are missing tons of classic moments such as: When Doves Cry, Let's Go Crazy, Mountains, Girls and Boys, Batdance, Partyman, Scandalous, Automatic, Why You Wanna Treat Me So Bad?, Sexuality, I Wish U Heaven, Glam Slam, Anotherloverholenyohead, America, and Thieves In The Temple. This is a crime. When is the real DVD coming out 
I can't believe anyone would give this wonderful movie less than 5 stars. I don't know what the deal is with the sudden burst of negative reviews, but this is certainly NOT a bad movie. I was in 7th grade when it came out and I remember how popular it was back then. Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE loved it. No one said they didn't like it. Even my dad to this day says he wouldn't mind watching the movie a few more times, and he NEVER wants to watch a movie more than two times. The actors, the direction, the story EVERYTHING about this movie worked. It's a movie that will remain a classic forever. There's something here for everyone. 
Warner has been doing a magnificent job of using the latest picture resolution process to restore and/or polish up their best movies; and again they do not disappoint! Warner Home Video truly hits a home run and does the incredible with this boxed set of five of the greatest musicals of all time! The set is well presented with excellent digital transfer, wonderful sound and a bevy of sublime extras. The Band Wagon (which itself is a two DVD special edition) stars Fred Astaire as an older entertainer trying to be successful again in show business. Things do not go well: he doesn't like the director; there aren't fancy dance scenes that he prefers to perform and he has to dance with a ballerina! The show is unpopular and Fred's character Tony Hunter saves the day using his superior technique and know-how. The extras are wonderful! Liza Minnelli (whose Dad, Vincente Minnelli, did an excellent job as director of the picture) and Michael Feinstein provide an engaging commentary. There are also two documentaries: "Get Aboard! The Band Wagon" about the making of the movie and an older expose entitled "The Men Who Made the Movies: Vincente Minnelli." You won't regret these-they are excellent and very informative! SMILE There's also the outtake musical number of Two Faced Women. Very good! For Astaire fans there's an Astaire trailer collection and even a musical short of Jack Buchanan with the Glee Quartet. I was particularly pleased with the fine commentary Liza Minnelli and Michael Feinstein give here. The other two disc special edition is of the MGM classic Easter Parade. Wow! This has always been one of my very favorite musicals. The acting and the chemistry between Astaire playing the professional dancer and Judy Garland playing Hannah Brown his at first unlikely dance partner-and eventually romantic partner-is nothing short of excellent and captivating! Ann Miller turns in a great performance as the dancer who leaves Fred's character to try to get even further ahead in her career. The digital quality of the video and the sound are both excellent. There's a documentary of the making of this movie and a particular favorite of mine is the American Masters documentary profile: "Judy Garland: By Myself" put out only with the essential effort of my friend John Fricke. (The American Masters documentary won more than just one Emmy, making this a particularly valuable extra! John won one of the Emmys for this; he is the leading Garland biographer who wrote several books on Judy.) John worked so hard on this profile! John's fine commentary along with Ava Astaire (Fred Astaire's daughter) proves to be an excellent resource for reliable information about this film and Judy. You also get the outtake musical number "Mr. Monotony." There's a Judy Garland trailer collection and some promotions for the original film are provided. Wow! A fine two disc set in and of itself. Bells Are Ringing is Judy Holliday's last performance; she plays a worker at a telephone answering service who gets overly involved with her client's personal lives. Jean Stapleton, a favorite actress of mine (from All In The Family as Edith) is in this picture as well. This picture was nominated for an Oscar for Best Scoring of a Musical Picture and the song "Just In Time" is certainly one good reason why! Outtake musical numbers include "Is It a Crime?" and "My Guiding Star." The digital transfer is again excellent and the sound quality is excellent. This is definitely a classic musical. Brigadoon boasts a wonderful musical score by Lerner and Lowe. The principle cast is only the best: Gene Kelly, Van Johnson and Cyd Charisse. An adventurous American suddenly uncovers a magical Scottish town which is only visible one day a century! Does he stay there and perhaps experience a fine true love; or should he return to his life as it is? Quite the dilemma! There are three musical outtakes you want to look at: "Come to Me Bend to Me," "From This Day On," and "Sword Dance." An audio outtake and a brand new digital transfer make this a fine addition to the box set as well as your DVD collection. Last, but certainly not least, is Finian's Rainbow. A wonderful fanciful musical, this film stars Fred Astaire in his final full length performance as Finian McLonergan. Somehow Finian steals a pot of gold from Og the leprechaun. Finian and his daughter Sharon (the lovely Petula Clark) go to America (as does Og) and use their powers to overcome a rather prejudiced senator. Not only are the musical numbers excellent; the cinematography is superlative and the ending is a happy one! There is an excellent commentary by director Francis Ford Coppola and a cute feature on the film's premiere. All in all, this is clearly one of the best boxed sets of supremely fine great musicals and it is very reasonably priced. For me personally this set was an easy decision-it is already in my personal DVD collection! I highly recommend this boxed set for fans of the great American musicals as well as all patrons of the arts. This is also a solid introduction to some of the quality musicals produced on film to date. Equally important, the hard work and effort everyone put into the seemingly countless extras is superlative. 
Recently realizing that Jackie Chan and Jet Li are about done with movie making for the most part, I always wondered if there was anyone who could take over. Chan and Li are one of a kind and the best out there. Fortunately, Tony Jaa has entered the scene with skills and originality of his own. The first thing I like about Tony Jaa is he is an expert in Muay Thai fighting, something new and original for the good guy in a movie. The next thing I like is that he fights like Jet Li and does stunts like Jackie Chan, though once again he adds his own originality quite often. Ong Bak is pure action excitement - don't expect a deep story and do expect horrible English dubbing that is just down right annoying (you can still switch to subtitles with Thai spoken if desired). If these 2 things don't matter to you, this movie just plains rocks. Its a bit slow here and there, but overall it is filled with all the action you could want - illegal club fights, an incredible club brawl fight, tons of stunts and chases, a car chase scene that is actually done with carts instead of cars, a ring fight, and a good ol finale showdown that combines great fighitng with stunts, lasting for a good 10 minutes. I also liked the background music for the movie - lots of smooth laid-back hip hop beats. I'm pleased to say that with newcomer Tony Jaa to the world of martial arts films, the loss of Chan and Li someday soon won't be as bad. Ong Bak is brilliant action and originality. The only thing that could make it 5 stars is if it had a better story and decent dubbing, which Chan and Li movies do much better 
I bought a copy of NTR for one reason and one reason only: a single scene near the beginning, prominently featuring Rosanna Arquette. This was the same reason I bought a copy of The Wrong Man, starring John Lithgow and - Rosanna Arquette. Discretion prevents my explaining further. Other than the scene already mentioned, I found the movie pretty worthless 
Gina is just like the protesters--she just doesn't "get it!" The liberal way of doing ANYthing is throw more of our tax money at it! Whereas Africa's problems including poverty AIDS will NEVER be solved UNTIL they get the birth rate down! As long as more babies are born than people dying, their population goes up--VERY bad. The only way to eliminate poverty is LESS children!! Send money for that but nothing else. 
This recommendation is for the uncut version of Leon - The Professional. A well crafted, tightly edited, excellent story that makes you wonder where the time went when the end credits roll. An action film that can be appreciated by those who generally don't care for the genre, the character interpretation and interactions alone are worth it. If you're looking for something worthwhile to watch, check this one out 
I am extremely dissappointed with amazon on this one. This is not the dvd version of the film. However, on all the links to it, it says "DVD". When I received the item in the mail, amazon was very ambiguous in helping me with my return, and even told me that they would send the DVD version of the film. Nonetheless, two days later, I received the same PSP version again. Great movie, it's in my top ten. Amazon screwed up on this one 
Charlize Theron, her real life boyfriend Stuart Townsend, and Penelope Cruz are all nice to look at, and have at times shown considerable tlane in their work, Theron having won as Osca for her role in Monster. But Head In The Clouds is one of those beautifully filmed films starring a beautiful cast that trying to stay beautiful in an increasingly ugly world, particularly Europe in the 1930s. From the Spanish Civil War to World War II, the stories of these three people who share a Paris flat together is supposed to be a sweeping tragedy that shows how world events and fate can conspire to thwart true love. Instead, it shows how silly things can be when you mix hedonism, narcissism, social responsbility, and sheer stupidity. You end up caring less about the characters, andwondering more how much more trouble will they get themselves in. This was a pretty stylish waste of time for everyone involved 
Not being familiar with yoga, I chose this DVD because of Rodney Yee's reputation and the low cost. What I found was an easy to follow workout that makes you feel relaxed, and yet energized, after the first session. There are no bells or whistles, just a great workout. I've purchases two other titles in the series, Power Yoga - Strength and Power Yoga - Stamina, and I switch off each workout. Some of the moves are more difficult than others, but it gives you something to work up to. If I couldn't do a stretch, I would go as far as I could and hold it. It was a great feeling when I was finally able to stand in a pose or do a stretch that initailly I was unable to do. Aside from these video's, the only equipment that you need is a mat which is extremely important to prevent slipping and back pain... I DO know this for a fact. 
I got a kick out of one of the recent reviews that trashes this movie as unrealistic -- the kids are not doing what they need to do to get into college. Good grief. Since when is a musical ever realistic?? Especially one that is geared to kids. Hello??!! It's not supposed to be realistic! If you expect realism, go elsewhere. But if you want to have some fun with a great message not-so-subtly woven in, then watch this movie. Kids love it (mine do along with anyone else I've talked to), and the message is just terrific ~ it's okay to be yourself with all kinds of wild likes, dislikes, hobbies, etc., no matter what anyone else thinks. I love it! I can't even begin to say how much better this is than "Grease," the high school musical of my day where the heroine had to give in and become a slut to get what she wanted and be "happy." Relax with your kids, go get some popcorn, and have some fun with the Wildcats kids from "Highschool Musical. 
...just like Hollywood and just like the music industry which, I guess, is the point. John Travolta, playing on his character from Get Shorty (and, to a lesser degree, like his character in Pulp Fiction and Swordfish) is Mr. Cool. This time he's trying to make it big in the music biz. He discovers a new talent (artist Christina Milian) and works his way through an assortment of characters that are more types and cliches than real characters. A brand name cast and yet no one makes any more than a dent on the personality radar. The dialogue seems forced, funnier on the script than on the screen and most scenes feel posed and sterile. Most of the actors appeared as bored as many celebrities are outside of their media personae. Aside from a few interesting moments, only one speech toward the end made by Cedric the Entertainer redeemed the film. It's like a big commercial (which, I suppose, is any Hollywood film). Certain musicians get shameless plugs (Steven Tyler and Aerosmith, included in the film), various movies get shameless plugs (including, in a not so disguised fashion, Get Shorty), certain Hollywood landmarks (e.g. the Mann Chinese Theater) are plopped into the film like a tourist video and even the L.A. Lakers and the Staples Center get a plug. It's an attempt to play on the irony of making a film about making a film or, in this case, making a musician. So we watch Travolta as Mr. Cool navigating the landscape of the music industry to give Christina Milian her sudden and instantaneous rise to the top of the charts. The ending is so horribly cheesy I felt as if I was watching American Idol. Watchable, but barely. The Player covered this terrain so much better. 
i find the breakdown of each step concise and easy to follow. the instructions also contain tips for safety which is an assurance for beginners like me. would be sharing this with my pals and recommending it to whoever wants to lear 
While I've been a big fan of Ghost In The Shell, these stories are the worst yet. (I've watched the first three episodes on Cartoon Network as the DVD is not out yet). In "Make Up", the story is flawed in that Paz would have never been allowed to roam "free" while an exact copy cat of himself is on the lose killing people. In "Poker Face" the "Emperial" America is such and Anti-American statement especially when the Amercian UN Forces have the American flag sewed on their uniforms backwards! This may have been an error but I doubt it. In PAT. the tachikoma's voices are so annoying and so much information is thrown at you that it's hard to follow. Most if is a rehash on previous episodes. With their childest voices, they shouldn't be used as a main plot of the story 
First-time feature director/screenwriter Alice Wu's 2005 indie comedy has familiar movie themes running all through it, but it is still an unexpected charmer with its laconic storytelling, unforced humor and a trio of winning performances. With a conflicted protagonist at its core, the film shares the same souffl-light rom-com territory as Ol Parker's half-hearted "Imagine Me and You" and Ian Iqbal Rashid's overly cute "A Touch of Pink". Wu, however, manages to bring a less derivative style to her venture due to the unique cultural subtext and more importantly, because her script unspools the fates of the main characters in meticulous vignettes. The plot focuses on Wil, short for Wilhelmina, an obviously talented Manhattan-based surgical resident who has kept herself closeted from her traditional Chinese family living across the East River in Flushing. Referred to just as "Ma" in the story, her mother is a widowed beautician, who only speaks Mandarin to her daughter and keeps flinging potential suitors at her. Wil's eyes, nevertheless, are set squarely on a comely ballerina named Vivian, who happens to be the daughter of Wil's supervising surgeon at the hospital. Meantime, Ma is in her own pickle as she finds herself pregnant and subsequently ejected from the family home. Ma moves in with Wil, and the inevitable consequences ensue. There are affecting moments of lightness and gravitas throughout, but much of the charm of the film comes naturally from the three leads. As Wil, Michelle Krusiec is a terrific find, evoking the simmering turmoil of her situation in unexpected ways even when the script fails her at times. Lynn Chen is saucy and inviting as Vivian, though I wish we could have seen one scene where she dances onstage since such a strong point is made on what style she wants to pursue. Both actresses make the attraction between the characters palpable, culminating in the inevitable girl-on-girl scene. Despite the beauty of her younger co-stars, Joan Chen is almost too gorgeous to be playing such an emotionally constrained character. Even though her character is supposed to be closing in on fifty, Chen is just 43 and frankly looks ensconced in her thirties, making her the rare case of looking far younger at the end of the movie than at the beginning. Yet, she is able to convey the necessary brittle, distanced manner as Ma, making her character's self-discovery process more rewarding. The ending is on the pat side, especially a silly multiple confessional at a wedding and a wedged-in riff on "The Graduate", but it doesn't compromise the sweet-natured charm of the piece. Special mention should go to Harlan Bosmajian's cinematography, which captures the saturated colors found in the Chinese-American community. The 2005 DVD contains Wu's thoughtful commentary on a separate track, as well as several deleted scenes, a standard, ten-minute making-of featurette and a rather dull Sundance video diary 
My friend bought this set and so I was able to view it before purchasing it myself, and I WON'T be purchasing it. I had seen The Long, Long Trailer before and it was one of the most aggrivating movies I have ever seen; one of those films where you can't believe 2 people could be so dumb to do some of the things they do. We enjoy most of the I Love Lucy series, but there is a point where you can only take so much of those shows; the aggrivating ones, and this film was just an overly long aggrivating I Love Lucy episode. There is funny humor and aggrivating "humor" and this was definitely the 2nd type. Yes, it was interesting to see Lucy and Desi doing films together, but overall these films are just tolerable, and none are ones I would rewatch for enjoyment. Too Many Girls was definitely a B picture, really really bad in so many ways...poorly written script, cheap scenery; you never got the feeling they were in college, except at the football game, which seemed so similar to the football game the Marx Brothers participated in in Horse Feathers! Too much partying, singing, dancing; what was this school majoring in, theatre and opera? It just is a really bad picture. Yes, neat to see Lucy and Desi and how they met, and see them so young together, but otherwise, a real time waster in my mind. The funniest thing on this disc was the cartoon extra! Of the three, Forever, Darling is probably the best but again that seemed "lacking" somewhere. The color was that beautiful almost surreal 50's color that I like. The Yosemite scenery was beautiful too. But I think the angel stuff could have been much better developed; he was out of the scene too long at times. The part I liked best was Lucy imagining herself in the movie with James Mason because it was quite funny. But the camping trip was just a very predictable mishap time that was too much in the I Love Lucy mold and I was bored with it quickly. I know die hard fans of Lucy and Desi will buy this no matter what, and that's fine. But for others, I advise you see them first...you may like them, but then you may see them for what they really are cinematically. There are lots better movies out there that I would rather buy! I Rate these 2 stars; one star to me is "torturous" to watch. These aren't THAT bad, but almost. 
Every once in a while someone comes up with a movie and makes the terrible assumption that as long as they put a well known actor/actress in it that everything will turn out good. Blue Steel is one of those movies. Jamie Lee Curtis plays a rookie cop who is being held responsible for civilian casualties (or should I say murders) which she did not commit. Sounds like an interesting plot, right? It would be had the script not been so poorly written. The supporting actors give such a bland/typical performance that not even Jamie Lee could have saved the dialogue. Aside from the acting, the film does not give the action packed performance that it promises. Some scenes are quite dull and as you are watching you wonder half way through the movie when the cop (Jamie Lee) is going to finally kill the psychopath whose been after her. So why do I give Blue Steel an extra star? Well, I'll just say that if you are a fan of Jamie Lee Curtis you might want to watch this if it comes on television. Just don't pay over $3 to rent it and certainly don't buy it 
I could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern's classic - while the set design and special FX are state of the art, as usual for a Tim Burton film, the actual movie is hard to watch. Why? Depp's "performance" is chock full of ticks and mannerisms, off-putting, flat, self-absorbed, and finally, one-note. Rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 Gene Wilder version, Burton's film is more horror than fantasy, often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare. While deliberate on Burton's part, that doesn't make the final product any more watchable. It's one grim, dismal, downward spiral slog. Not much holidday fun, huh? As with most of Burton's other big, expensive failures, he knows how to CREATE a convincing world, but has no clue how to POPULATE it with characters and situations we identify with and/or could care less about. The final result is a film that's like a fragile, hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar, but hard to get attached to, much less involved with. What a waste of millions of studio $$$ 
If you are looking for a good movie to buy for your child, pass on this one. This movie has so many drug references, i can't even begin to explain.(trust me, I just so happen to have taken acid before) This is a movie that NEVER should have been directed toward children. If you want your child to be drug free when he/she grows up, do not buy this 
I watched this movie ...and once it finished I decided I had to log on to Amazon and buy it up. This film is so well done, from the characters, the actors, the dialogue and the stories. A pure enjoyment to watch. I hope everyuone sees it at least once 
I'm giving this item five stars simply because the disc itself is grand - you receive one of the greatest MGM musicals ever conceived and it's bolstered by quite nice extras. That much you can be assured of. I'm writing this particular review because of Warner Bros. insistance on using fragile, cheaply made cardboard sleeves rather than the standard plastic dvd cases. The problem with these Warner cases is that the pins holding the disc can break if even the slightest pressure is applied to the case, rendering it's capability the actually hold the disc useless. And unlike the plastic cases, the Warner ones cannot be replaced save for returning the disc to the original purchase place or attempting to contact the manufacturer (good luck with that, by the way). Another problem lies with the fact that it's made out of cardboard - when you remove the anti-theft stickers almost invariably the sticker will peel some of the artwork off the cover. This can occur even when you're carefully attempting to slowly peel the sticker off. The reason I feel the need to mention this is I own dozens of Warner movies, and well over half of them are damaged in this manner and irreplaceable outside of purchasing a new one (not likely, Greedy Bros.) To be fair, Warner has finally began producing plastic cases with some of their newest releases - the top-notch Film Noir and Gangster collections offer the films in splendid little plastic cases. But titles like "Kiss Me Kate", "Rebel Without A Cause", "Broadway Melody of 1940", and even "Wizard of Oz" are still only available in these sad cardboard cases. 
At Ikiru's opening, I started to have real doubts about the film. I had heard that this was Kurosawa's best, and the film was built up just enough to come crashing down. Luckily, that didn't happen. The narrator of the film reminded me of Criswell's narrations to Plan 9 from Outer Space. The film seemed to say too much and show too little. Then as the narrator continued during an extremely long take of our hero Mr. Watanabe at work, something clicked. The long duration of the shot and the narrator's continued breakdown of the man's less wholesome characteristics gave the impression that he was breaking down our lives, that the narration is coming from the back of our own minds, and that we are powerless to silence it. That floored me, and for the rest of the film, I remained awe-stricken by this humble yet miserable man. Takashi Shimura gives one of the greatest performances I've seen since Raging Bull. Here is a guy whose really pissed off at the world, but he's smart enough to know he has only himself to blame for the mediocrity his life has been dealt. The horror on his face when he learns of his cancer will remain with me for a long time. There are points at which the film seems to drag on, but never without purpose. When he dies, having finally given meaning to his existence, his coworkers and family members recount the final days with pity, confusion, and finally admiration. The scene lags, which makes us that much more insulted by their ignorance 
Their was a whole generation of little girls teenagers and young adults sitting down in the 90's to watch 90210 and party of five.They were even on the same night at one point.It was a perfect tv night!This show is amazing.If you havent seen it your missing out and if you have you need to own this DVD!I'm really surpised that this dvd isnt more popular.I really think its because it hasnt been advertised.These dvds need a little advertisements just to let the fans that dont search for it know its out thier.Buy it its worth every penn 
I got nothing to say. Was this supposed to be intense? Was this supposed to be a thriller? It was boring. Horrible acting, except for Forest Whitaker: but even he couldn't save this one. Pure Fincher? Pure trash. Horrible, horrible, horrible. Quite possibly one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I am just too upset to type, I can't believe I actually waisted my time with this 
This is a work of genius. It is creative, original, funny and well done. That being said, it is probably not for everyone. This wonderful takes as its starting point a couple of very minor character from Shakespeare's HAMLET. These are the stars of the show. In Hamlet, they are merely a couple of friends of the prince called in to help deal with Hamlet's melancholia. They appear briefly and are gone. The last mention of them comes when the royal court hears a message that Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead. They are merely there to drive forward the story of the prince. In this work, the hapless two are called in for the same purpose but the story centers around them. The spend the entire film trying to figure out what is happening to themselves and to those around them. As they discuss existential questions, the tragedy of Hamlet plays out around them. It is quite funny but some background helps. It helps a great deal if you are comfortable with Elizabethan speech. Whole pieces are lifted from Shakespeare and the added dialog is of the same style. It helps if you are familiar with Hamlet. That makes understanding the context easier. It is great fun if you have some knowledge of physics. Rosencrantz spends the whole film on the verge of making monumental discoveries in basic physics but is thwarted at each turn. It's is fun. 
What happens when you title a movie "Mind the Gap" and lead the credits with Alan King? Few people under seventy become interested. But this is a great movie about life, relationships, and "the gap". Jill Souble is darn cute, and the overall acting good to great. King did his usual pro job too 
I like Sandler. I couldn't even finish watching it. I purchased it, and actually took it out of the DVD player and broke it in half. The general public should be able to sue the actors and distributors when stuff like this is foisted upon us. Truly horrible, not funny, taped together. They must have spent fifteen bucks filming this abortion 
An absolutely wonderful film by Clint Eastwood. Thelonious was an amazing man. He said things on the piano that we wordsmiths aren't able to communicate. His unusual character made for an interesting subplot. This film is footage of the man himself, usually playing his music. I'm just sitting here being stunned. 
The documentary, "Guerrilla--The Taking of Patty Hearst" is a good, solid look at the bizarre story behind the Symbionese Liberation Army (the SLA)--how the SLA formed, what actions/crimes they committed, and how the group was finally apprehended. The film examines the political climate in 1970s America, and how disillusionment with government led to the formation of the revolutionary SLA. Political rhetoric aside, the SLA careened through California on a crime spree that involved the murder of two people and even descended into the pettiness of shoplifting a pair of socks. But more than just an investigation into the events surrounding the SLA, filmmaker Michael Stone raises some interesting philosophical questions about crime and punishment. Using interviews with surviving SLA members Russ Little and Michael Bortin--as well as archival news footage of the times, the documentary examines how the SLA--led by escaped criminal DeFreeze Cinque--zoomed into the headlines after the 1974 kidnapping of Patty Hearst, daughter of William Randolph Hearst. Several members of the SLA were Berkeley students--including Emily Harris--who worked in the UC Berkeley's registrar's office. With Patty Hearst as a hostage, the SLA began making demands for food distribution for poor communities, but lest one imagines that the SLA members were driven by egalitarian motives, it must be remembered that the SLA financed their lifestyle by robbing banks. During the robbing of a bank in Carmichael, customer Myna Opsahl was shot in the stomach by a shotgun blast and left there to die. No doubt the most shocking aspect in the history of the SLA was Patty Hearst's transformation from kidnap victim to the gun-toting 'Tania' (renamed for an old girlfriend of Che Guevara) who participated in several bank robberies. The documentary includes televised pleas from Hearst's parents for Patty's safety, audiotapes from Patty announcing that she's joined the group, as well as clips of Patty's former fiance, Stephen Weed. Tim Findley--a SF Chronicle reporter who covered this bizarre case--also appears adding his insightful comments. The kidnapping of Patty Hearst and her subsequent brainwashing/conversion to the SLA remains disturbing, and certainly raises many philosophical questions. Was she just an innocent kidnapping victim, or was she young and impressionable enough to be influenced by the SLA's theories on class war? Did the fact that the Hearst family is rich and powerful have any bearing on their daughter's Presidential pardon? Well watch the documentary and decide for yourself. There's so much to be learned from watching a documentary that explores in depth an old news item that still remains locked in the archives of one's memory. DVD extras include comments by the director Michael Stone, the audiotapes by Patty Hearst, footage of the Hibernia bank robbery, and segments of court hearings between SLA members and the son of murder victim Myna Opsahl. These speeches from the former SLA members--as they try to explain and justify the murder of Opsahl--serve as a reminder of the irrevocable damage caused by taking a life--displacedhuma 
It is said that suffering develops character. Surely, when photographer Zana Briski went on a photography pilgrimage to the red light district in Sonagchi, Calcutta, in India, she discovered more character, and in smaller shape and size, then she might have imagined. Peering through a lens into the darkest shadows of life - into the world of prostitution - to capture the images the world wishes not to see, not, at least, from this angle of truth, she saw between the life-battered women... their children. When we think of brothels, however we might think of them, how many think of children? Whether we think of these places and their inhabitants as figures of perversity, embodiments of lust, or the tragic painted clowns of the joke that is humanity, it is probably more true than not that these women are rarely seen as, well, women. They are perhaps at best merely meat, merely body parts, to be used and abused and then tossed aside. What Zana Briski's photo lens reveals is that these are indeed women, human beings, and, for better or for worse, also mothers, daughters, wives, sisters. We see in this montage of photos and film combined, women who are deformed by the ugliness inside. They are broken, they are stunningly and fiercely angry at the world that has so betrayed them, yet they also have their moments of hope and tenderness. All of this, and more, falls upon the heads of their children. Weaving between these women are their little ones, boys and girls who grow up around the perversities of lust and abuse. What might such children be like? This is the sharp focus of Briski's lens. Perhaps we need to look at ugliness to see beauty in contrast. The faces and spirits of these children contain both. They have in them the despair of those forgotten and betrayed by the world. Society all around them refuses them a place outside the red light district. They are already banned from normalcy. They have been witness to humans at their worst, and no one outside wishes to bear the weight of such witness. Yet they will not be silenced, and if we do not wish to hear them speak, then Briski has given them cameras to let them capture their worlds, inside and out, and bring these images to us. What these children capture on film is nothing less than breathtaking. They miss nothing. Their intense talent and power of seeing discovered, this film also shows us how Briski works to bring this artistic discovery to the world, meanwhile also fighting to give these children a chance, slim as it is, to a life of normalcy. Key to this is education, yet as she soon learns, no school in Calcutta wishes to enroll children born into brothels. At last and with determined persistence, she does find one, and a portal into life beyond opens for some of the children. Their photos, too, are put on exhibit, available also now in book format. Some are saved, some are pulled back into the dark. The individual stories of these tiny photographers are stories that must be witnessed, heard and seen, so that they know: everyone matters. Even in the darkest shadows, we refuse to be blind to them any longer 
I have been a Beatles fan since 1964, and I have distinct memories of the band's influence on my young life. I saw Hard Day's Night, Help!, Yellow Submarine, and Let It Be in the theater when they were first released. This film has always been the Holy Grail of Beatle fandom. Now that I own it, I can honestly say I understand why it took so long to release it to the public. That thirty years of isolation, locked up in a vault somewhere in London, only improved its standing in my imagination, not on actual film. The BBC was right to bury this. As a film, or television special, it's horrible. But as a fan, I had to have it. Now, that's all I can say about it; I own it. When will Let It Be be released 
I bought a balance ball kit from another location, but wanted a more complete workout than the sampler that came with the kit. I like the workout a lot and I think it will be a good strengthening and toning tool. I like that there is a separate relaxation workout for stress relief and I like that the workout cycles through the different body parts 
The film has its amusing and even touching points, but not very many. The big problem with RH is that neither Ford or Benning are sympathetic characters. Henry is just the kind of self-important, ego-bloated, smug, arrogant, cold-blooded corporate ass that's helped step on working people for real, so it's really hard to feel anything for him, shot or not. He's arrogant even with a gun pointed at him, and the fact that it takes a bullet in his brain to even make him consider acting human is, if you think about it, appalling. And his wife is, in a way, even worse; she accepts his character so she can have all the material things it buys and status is provides. She goes into a panic when she thinks they may have to give anything up, and doesn't become "normal" ntil much later. Only their daughter has any heart at all. Maybe a better ending would've been Henry's not making it, Bening going nuts from losing her stuff, and the kid being placed in a foster home with the kind of people her parents should've been from day one. Barely watchable. 
Wow, what a bore. The old stock footage is uneven and doesn't show enough of the truck. Other footage was taken on the fly when someone happened to have a camera on the street. The song is OK, but once that's over my son walks away. Why would a child who LOVES trucks walk away? Because some guy's voice (which sounds like it's in an echo chamber) comes on talking about a bunch of stuff he can't SEE on the screen. What's on the screen? More garbage stock footage. This looks and sounds like it was slapped together in someone's basement 
The movie is one of my favorites, works on both a romantic level, and a comic level. But where's the widescreen? Todays consumers are more educated (THANK GOD) and they've almost stopped asking the stupid question "Why watch widescreen, you lose the top and bottom of the movie?!" They finally get that you are seeing MORE of the movie with widescreen and not less. So how can I be expected to buy this DvD? It is for all intents and purposes "Incomplete". Who's going to pay for all of something and be satisfied with only getting some of it? Buy this movie as soon as WS version becomes availible 
The sixth season is the only one I had not seen all of the episodes for when it was on and it does not disappoint (except for the fact that this is the last season). Florida's return and the addition of Keith brings more to the Evans' family home. I enjoy watching each episode over and over. This is much better TV than what today's network television has to offer 
I love Chazz P. and I can see why he would want to give the other side of the Castellano epic, but man is this movie boring. Castellano has to be one of the most uninvolved mobsters ever to take the reins of a crime family. If you know the history of this guy, than you should agree, and if you don't, read some books about him. As powerful as he was, he sure didn't know much about running a crime family as did his predecessors, which this film doesn't portray. The film also has terrible actors portraying both Sammy the Bull and John Gotti. An insult at that. If you like mafia movies and don't care about the history of its real-life characters than by all means watch it. If you do, skip it, you'd be better off reading a book 
Starring Tony Perkins perfectly miscast as a major league ballplayer. What can you say? The Red Sox have Jimmy Pirsall, Tony Perkins and "Fear Strikes OUT". The Yankees have Lou Gehrig, Gary Cooper and "Pride of the Yankees". 
This is a fascinating look at the journey through the first 5 books of the bible. It's a visual foundation for stories that all three major religions, the Jews, the Christians and the Muslims, hold sacred to their faith and their traditions. As a documentary, the journey takes place "today" in the midst of the modern-day struggles and misunderstandings that make it realistic and thought-provoking for our faith today. If you want to understand the bible, this is an amazing way to see the stories that most people of the world hold as sacred to their beliefs and faith 
If you haven't already seen this one, do not wait until "Tomorrow", do it today. This is one of the most delightful musicals of recent years. Great performances by Aileen Quinn as Annie, Albert Finney as Daddy Warbucks, Carol Burnett is outstanding as Ms Hannigan and Tim Curry Bernadette Peters make convincing nasties. The music is great and the easy-to-miss one-liners are delightful. All-in-all, a must see, and a must-possess movie 
Leftist-Anti Establishmentarian Michael Moore is mad as hell and he's not taking it anymore as his smalltown America, Flint, MI has just lost 30,000+ jobs as greedy G.Motors Exects move plant to Mexico and put above mentioned thousands out of work. Moore does a good job of keeping the subject serious for a change. Other good Moore films included Fahrenheit 911 and The Big One. Others he's done get too far into his leftist politics which I am (far-political-middle/Populist) am not into. Good job here, Michael 
One of M-G-Ms Brightest , Cheeriest Musical . Astair and Garland are most engaging screen couple . The Uplifting Irving Berlin score is first-rate and used to Perfection .Strolling along 5th Avenue in turn of the century or going on the bum as "a couple of swells" , Judy Garland (1922-1969) and Fred Astaire (1899-1987) lead a Parade of Music 17 (Irving Berlin 1888-1988) tunes and an Academy Award-winning adaption score arranged by Johnny Green (1908-1989) and Roger Edens (1905-1970) and gotta dance-fun (including drum drum crazy ) in this neverending delifgt co-starring Ann Miller (1923-2004) performing a knock out: Shaking the blues Away and Peter Lawford (1923-1984) gamely crooning: The fella with the umbrella with Garland . Dont let this Colorful EASTER PARADE pass you ! . All new digital transfer from restored picturre and Audio elements . Super Tehnicolor And Super Sound . Highly recommended 
After seeing the real show in L.A., my girlfriend and I were really looking forward to the DVD. And after last night's viewing, I went to bed kinda creeped out and actually felt a little guilty that I didn't like the whole thing that much. I'm relieved to see that other fans just couldn't handle all the audience shots either. This DVD tries so hard to define Paul's place in our lives and his impact on the world through his music that it ends up blowing it for those of us who already know, feel, and live it. They tried to document his music and its impact instead of just filming it. If you're from Mars and this is your first day on Earth, you might appreciate the way the DVD attempts to explain the relevance of Paul's work. If you've been on this planet for awhile, chances are you're already up to speed and just want to see the band and hear the music 
If you judge this movie using the same checklist you would for "A Beautiful Mind" or even "Lord of the Rings" you've missed the boat. This movie is a bit more foolish than the others and that is what's so great about it. See this movie through the eyes of a child and allow it to make you laugh, to gross you out, to surprise you with its clever twists of plot, to amaze you with heroes that defy all odds, and to capture your imagination with peculiar pirates' treasures. 
Ok, I'll addmit this had some pretty stunning moments here and there but other than that this was a yawn. This film is trying to jump on the japanese horror bandwagon. It really doesn't take a genius to figure out this plot. I mean as soon as the main actress enterred the cabin and heard her husband in the next room I turned to my girlfreind and told her the whole film's plot and sure enough I was right on the money, only I thought it would of ended 20 minutes earlier but oh no, it had to keep going and going...just end allready, I get it! 
This is a great flick for people who are irritated by sub-plots because there are none. There is nothing resembling reality found anywhere in this movie, so it makes for excellent escapism, which we all need now and then. Since all the characters stay together, it is easy to follow along, so you can turn your brain off, it won't be needed. Since it's all about the ship, acting wasn't necessary. You can bet that movies like this toll the bell for the careers of Russell and Dreyfus. I felt pity for them as actors, and hope they can rebound. The movie is shorter than most, so there will be minimum impact on your life. You will remember nothing about it soon after exposure 
Fred Astaire plays a dnacer returning to England from a trip abroad. In the Customs shed he meets Ginger Rogers in an embarassing predicament. He tries to find out who she is, but she refuses to tell him, and he spends ages searching London for her until he finally tracks her down and begins to awaken her interest. Ginger goes down to Brighton with her friend dithery much-married Alice Brady, and Astaire and his dithery lawyer friend Edward Everett Horton go in pursuit. Ginger has gone to Brighton to try and obtain a divorce, she intends to spend the night with a professional co-respondent. Somthing Astaire says makes her think he is the co-respondent, which puts her right off him. Fortunately the real co-respondent, a diminutive Italian, turns up (your wife is safe with Tonetti,he prefer spaghetti) and the mystery is sorted out. But what will happen when Ginger's husband arrives the next morning? will she get her divorce. This is a wonderful film, with a silly but extremley funny plot, and some wonderful dialogue, particularly between Horton and Brady, who somehow manage to end up married to each other, much to their surprise. An absolutely delightful film 
I'm not sure what everyone else watched, maybe I was expecting to much after reading these other reviews, but I was more than just a little disappointed. The women are attractive that is for sure, but that's the only thing this movie has going for it. The sex footage was over before is started. At the most they lasted about 30 seconds. I'm not looking for hard-core porn, but this was far from what I was looking for. My suggestion is 'buyer-be-aware' 
the guy shirtless, tied up, abs muscles so vulnerables to let the punisher to TORTURE this guy until he cant almost breath and cry for mercy...just an upper stomach being beaten to make this guy suffer a pain he will never forget.. 
Maybe better than the original. I liked that they focused on Wonka's childhood throughout the film. That was something that really added to the storyline. They really did a good job in the beginning making the golden wrapper seem like a big deal, too. I guess the only surprising thing was that the bubble room from the original wasn't anywhere to be seen in this one, but in a way the room with the squirrels made up for it. Oh, and the children seemed ESPECIALLY bratty this time, which made it better when those bad things happened to them. A friend pointed out to me that this version has a LOT more musical numbers. Good call. I don't know if the ending was better than the original, but it was certainly a very good, interesting way to wrap up this wonderful remake. I don't want to reveal what happens at the end, so let's just say that when the factory tour is over, and Charlie leaves, there's still a decent chunk of storyline left. I was kind of disappointed that the whole fantasy of "living in a world of chocolate" element wasn't really there, which is definitely a bad thing. I mean, come on. We ALL want a world of chocolate! I just feel there should have been more chocolate-related things included in the film. Overall, it's probably not better than the original, but it's not worse either. You really need to own both. 
"Legal Eagles" is supposed to be a comedy. We're supposed to find the characters played by Robert Redford and Debra Winger to be amusing, their acrimonious relationship to be hilarious, and the way that they end up being partners despite all of the gibes to be romantically satisfying. The problem is that the movie is too dumb to be taken seriously, and thus too dumb to be funny. Briefly, the story takes place in New York. Robert Redford is an assistant District Attorney about to be promoted to be the DA. Debra Winger is a defense attorney, and Daryl Hannah is a young woman with emotional problems, and is Debra Winger's client. The plot involves a fire 20 years ago, when Daryl Hannah was eight, a fire that killed her artist father and purportedly destroyed a large number of his paintings. This experience left Daryl Hannah traumatized, but all is not as it seems, and now, 20 years later, Daryl Hannah is first accused of attempted theft and later of murder. Unfortunately, the plot involves many elements that simply don't make sense. I won't go into detail, but Roger Ebert does a good job of listing four different major things that make the plot completely unbelievable. As well as the story being dumb I found some of the scenes that were supposed to be funny to be anything but. For example, Robert Redford is a weekend father to a teenage daughter. At one point his ex-wife threatens to go to court to prevent him from seeing their daughter. Robert Redford makes a telephone call to his ex-wife's home and starts an angry monologue of threats about how he'll take her apart in court. Then he realizes that he's actually talking to his daughter! This mistake is apparently supposed to be hilarious. Ha, ha. In another scene Robert Redford and Debra Winger are together and see one of the bad guys. Robert Redford takes off on foot to try to catch him. Debra Winger, who doesn't know how to drive a car, feels it necessary for her to jump into Robert Redford's car and try to follow him. She makes a wrong turn and finds herself going the wrong way into traffic on a wide heavily trafficked street. There follows one minute of her frantically dodging cars at the last moment. Very funny. Ha, ha, ha. This movie could have been a fairly good romantic thriller if they had fixed the plot and not tried to be a comedy. But the dumb plot and the unfunny attempts at comedy make it a complete waste of time. Rennie Peterse 
Director Richard Donner (LADYHAWKE, SUPERMAN, LETHAL WEAPON I, II, III, IV, etc.) leads an ensemble cast of stars Gerard Butler, Billy Connolly, Frances O'Connor, Ethan Embry, Morton Csokas and David Thewlis "back into time only to find out that if history had not been changed by these characters the present might not exist!" (Yeah! I wrote those words! Not another critic yet it's a true analysis of this fantastic film!) If you loved Richard Donner's LADYHAWKE then TIMELINE (2003) based on the novel by Michael Crichton should capture your need to escape for a good two hours entirely! Modern day archeological students go into the past by way of new age technology in order to rescue their professor. ON the way and IN the way are knights of not so good caliber, ladies in distress and one man in particular who finds himself lured to a past he never realized existed for him until he is there! My rating of TIMELINE is FIVE STARS! I can sit here and give away the plot but in order for you, the viewer to truly enjoy it, I'm not! When I saw TIMELINE for the first time it was in order to see another wonderful DONNER PRODUCTION and Billy Connolly, a Scot to whom my heart had been lost. The character of "Marek" (Gerard Butler) enslaved me upon my first sight of him! As "Creedy" in REIGN OF FIRE I'd fallen slightly under his spell and was willing to battle with dragons that I'd gone to cheer on in the film. "Creedy's" torched demise gave me cause to end their existence. "Marek" is yet another character such as LADYHAWKES "Navarre." (Rutger Hauer) For ladies who love a beleaguered knight without armor and men who like a man's man, "Marek" is your fellow! TIMELINE is wonderful fun but enough of a twist to make you think about what actually would happen should we have the technology to "back to the future!" This is one film not only well worth the money but well worth the time to view over again and again! For ladies who despair of a real man keep this one within hand's grasp at a moment's notice! :-) 
This movie was so horrible I don't know where to start. Maybe I could start with the fact the actors were so horrible it was as if the director picked them randomly off the street. Or maybe he just casted his own family...at any rate they were untrained and stale. Secondly, I had a serious issue with this movie not following basic christian principles. If Tyler Perry manages to tone down the swearing in his semi-christian plays, why wouldn't this movie director have enough sense to follow suit...If you're trying to actually sale to a christian audience. Furthermore, I thought the bible said a little something against divorce; like it wasn't permitted unless your spouse commits adultery/fornication. This movie seems to say it's okay to go against the word of God if you're in love. In fact, christianity was more of a theory in this movie than it was a practice....by even the protagonist! I laugh as I think of the scene where Ce-Ce Peniston's character says seductively, "I'm looking for a man with his mind on Jesus" Yet she's dressed like a hooker. Speaking of clothing, why did Ce-Ce seem to change outfits even in the middle of scene. They go on a date and she's dressed one way, by the time they come home she has on something different; with no logical explanation. And please explain why they had someone's grandfather playing the role of Rico Suave. Maybe the movie would have actually been worth while had he looked more like the man of any woman's dream. I felt more like telling him about AARP than I did falling in love with him. In addition, the soundtrack, IT-WAS-JUST-ANNOYING. At some parts it was even hard to hear what the characters were saying because of the music. I just wanted the maddness to stop! Lastly, It seems as if the director tried to portray single church women as being overwhelmingly desperate (although some are) However, having pamela fall so quickly for bryant was just, well, almost juvenile...perhaps even a disrespect to women at large. Overall, this movie made me want to puke. PASTOR Larry "Flash" Jenkins really needs to get some true insight on the conditions of the church and maybe even go back and read the bible for himself for clarity 
If you don't own this dvd you need to add it to your collection. In my opinion it is the best american animated film ever released 
This is a good cold war drama. After a Soviet spy satellite comes down in the wrong place, the race is on to recapture the film. As was pointed out in the film, the Soviets used their German scientists to launch the satellite containing the camera stolen from England's German scientists using a special film developed by the US's German scientists. The film has the location of both side's missile installations and both sides want it. Neither side will give an inch. The chase takes place with a US nuclear sub, overcrowded by marines and spies. The problem is that there is a double agent on board who will give up his own life to sabotage the mission. The twists and turns don't stop and neither does the excitement. The film is dated but still a good show. The photography especially is spectacular, especially for that day and age. Rock Hudson leads an all star cast which does a great job across the board. 
Product was in great condition. I got the product quickly and was very satisfied. 
The original CSI series is FANTASTIC because you figure out the crimes by finding the evidence. This series uses the CSI name without the investigating that makes the original so good. It is mainly a mellow-drama surrounding the lives of the characters. Some people will like the drama the writers have put togethor, but there's no mystery 
Seriously! At the end of Fat Eliminator Minna says "do this program on a regular basis and watch your body change". It's true. I have been doing this DVD and only this DVD for about a month now - 3 days a week is Fat Eliminator and 2 days is Strength and Grace and my body is firm! I have abs now, biceps and definition in my thighs and buns. Extra flab is gone. This is a fantastic workout combination. FE is tough, particularly the first three cardio circuits. Those plyo jumping jacks are killer. Once I get through that third cardio circuit though I feel like I've already had a good workout and I'm only halfway through! I work up a sweat - I can't even answer the phone because I couldn't talk even if I wanted to. It's definitely focused on your lower body with lots of jumping and plyo and core work but the circuits are quick and they really do go by quickly. The workout is also fantastic in that just when you feel like you can't do one more plyo lunge, she changes the pace to something more less impact. The 15 minute Blast The Fat toning section I always add onto the cardio days. It's nice, quick and effective and in one hour while my son is napping I get in a total body workout. I also LOVE the Strength and Grace segment. I enjoy alternating my days with this. It's a perfect combination of relaxing and energizing and I still work hard, just without all the jumping around. My heart rate does get up there and again you do a lot of leg work for those nice glutes and thighs. Minna is a beautiful woman and I appreciate her demeanor and her physique. There is just something about her that is completely likable. Overall, I am extremely impressed with these workouts - the results I have seen will defintely make me continue these workouts 
The Hidden Fortress is classic Kurosawa, in every way--except for the wild overacting, inane characterizations and lamefooted humor of the peasant pair who form a central element of the film. Had the peasants been just as grubby but more subdued, or given comic material with more edge, skewering the upper classes as well as themselves, or been less in the focus and operated far in the background, this wouldn't have been a problem. But instead we're offered a sort of Dumb Dumber, Beavis Butthead of Japan, 50 years ago. (And yes, I know that is anachronistic, but it's all too true.) "Stupidity is funny" wears thin after a short while, and the comic antics are both repetitive and all too easy to forecast. Oh, here comes a rocky upwards incline: let's watch the pair pull one another down with grotesque facial expressions as they try to scramble up, etc. Which is all too bad, because while the rest of the film has its overblown heroics, its far from bad. The interactions between cast members has both tension and grit, while the outdoor settings mark a difference from the usual run of Japanese period films (though Kurosawa addicts like myself will well recall what he could do in Roshomon). Mifune is over the top but splendid, and the direction has energy and focus. I've seen this film twice in 25 years; most recently, just last night, again. Unfortunately, my initial impressions were only confirmed--and I wish they weren't 
I saw the trailer for this film numerous times in the theatre. I thought it was going to be another run of the mill comedy that just happens to take place in a greasy fast food joint. Not even close! This movie is strange and should someday earn cult status. Besides I like watching Drew Barrymore 
had just enough tasteful sex to satisfy and oh yes, the movie was good too : 
Many people had reccomended this movie to me but it failed to live up to its reputation. The quality of the film-making was aweful, the acting bad to the point of utter ridiculousness, and the script read like a cross between a psychotherapists analysis and one of those pulp romance novels about angsty teenagers. It gets some credit toward the end for showing some self-awareness of how silly and dramatic the whole thing was. There were some cute moments, and it was interesting to see the humble roots of one of the big L word ladies, but don't go into this movie expecting a highly polished end product 
What a cast! Mark Wahlberg, Reese Witherspoon, William L. Petersen, Amy Brenneman and Alyssa Milano are all terrific in this taut thriller about an innocent girl (Witherspoon) and her seemingly perfect boyfriend (Wahlberg). Of course, the boyfriend is really a borderline psycho and a stalker. Wahlberg turns in a spectacular yet subtle performance. William Petersen (CSI) is outstanding as the Witherspoon's concerned father who has way too many issues himself. This film is a hidden gem. Buy it . . . you will not be disappointed 
My daughter is 17 months old, and next to Rock and Roll, this is probably her least favorite of the Sesame Street movies (and we have a lot of them). If your child is like mine and likes the characters she sees a lot of on Sesame Street (Elmo, Ernie, Cookie, Grover, etc.), they might not be as interested in this one (although Elmo is the cohost of the awards show with Herry). It is nice to see the monsters that don't get a lot of play, though. Herry Monster is in about half of the songs. It is worth it if you don't have any videos with Monster in the Mirror (also on Rock and Roll), Fuzzy and Blue (on Sesame Street 25th Anniversary), or C is for Cookie (on several of the DVDs). 
Personally, I found 8 1/2 to be one of the most boring films I've ever seen. It was a pretentious, self-indulgent trip down the director's memory lane. I understood the plot, and enjoyed some of the thoughts raised near the end, but overall was bored silly by stilted, pointless dialogue. Having said that, the cinematography was stunning and the music almost made the film worth watching. Perhaps 8 1/2 would have been better off as a series of photographs with musical accompaniment :P 
I first saw this in the theatre because I like Dennis Quaid and Scarlett Johansson. I had never really seen Topher Grace outside of 'That 70's Show' which I never kept up with on a regular basis. I fell in love the movie first time I saw it and bought it soon after it came out on DVD. Mr. Grace plays a 26 year-old executive moving up faster in the world than his experience allows him to comprehend. He's become such a machine in a competivie world that he's loses his way in life. I was able to relate to his character very well and assume many my age did too. One of mentor's has told me repeatedly that the mid-twenties can be one of the roughest times in life. So many things are going at once on so many levels. To me, this movie captured that. Paul Weitz did a great job writing this. The cast was exquisite 
Comedy comes in many forms--everything from crude slapstick to subtle satire--and in "Just Friends" there is an uneasy fusion of two classic movie types. First, the movie wants to be a gross-out comedy. The sight gags are plentiful, the physical comedy abundant and often cruel, and the dialogue absurdly unrealistic. However, the movie also wants to be taken seriously as a typical romantic comedy--the variation where two people are meant to be together but various situations have kept them apart. These elements have been combined successfully in the past--"There's Something About Mary" jumps right to mind. Here, we get something far less successful. First, the good news. There are legitimate laughs to be had in "Just Friends" and that was a pleasant surprise. If you don't care about character development and just want inane humor, you could do worse than this movie. And if the sight of Ryan Reynolds in a fat suit sounds like the height of hilarity to you--check this out right away. Sadly, it's the romantic comedy angle that fails to ignite. There is nothing real at stake here to care about--and the blame for this falls squarely on Reynolds' character (I'll use the word character lightly here). Reynolds may be one of our greatest sitcom actors working--the problem, however, is that he's not in sitcoms anymore. He's making movies, unfortunately--and his hamming up to the camera always seem to take the place of a real character. Here, he plays a celebrity insider--a successful, trendy record executive. And yet, he's not believable as trendy, successful or professional. His character vacillates between being the a villain and a hero, you never know or understand him--he just does whatever is necessary to set up the next gag. It's too bad, really, because Amy Smart--as his love interest--IS playing a character. I'm not usually a fan, but here she does nicely and the movie lets her down. But it's Anna Faris that I'm going to single out for the most inspired performance. The funniest bits to me revolve around her character--a shallow, insane pop star. Sure, it's an easy target--but she throws herself into the role with such hilarious, over-the-top gusto that she is easily a cast standout. Again, some humor--no emotion. If you don't expect much from your comedy, you might just like this. The fatal flaw for me is that I felt this film wanted me to care about the central relationship, but didn't do anything to make it REAL. 
Next to A Night At the Roxbury (another Will Ferrell zero) this is the worst movie I've ever seen. So maudlin and it dragged on and on and on. It could actually make the viewer pray for death to end the torture so I guess it has some authenticity. Brad Pitt's particularly bad - one facial expression (blank) and a painful monotone delivery. I think he got some award aptly represented by a carved WOODEN statue of Keanu Reeves. Mr. Brangelina Jolie looks awful next to a brilliant thespian like Anthony Hopkins. Bottom line: this movie stinks and so (ironically) does Pitt 
This 2 disc set is packaged in a very nicely made large metal box with room for the other volumes in the series if you feel the need to remove them from the original cardboard packaging (you'll lose your Otaku status if you do). The box is well adorned with imagery from the series and is a very good idea and generous from Bandai considering that we'd have bought a normal cardboard box with joy. Thanks Bandai - appreciated 
I first saw "Dragonslayer" when it originally came out in theaters back in 1981. It was the first VHS movie I ever purchased. It's very well made, an engaging story with interesting characters that you care about. It still holds up. Caitlin Clarke's performance is the heart and soul of the film and she does a great job. I wrote her when the film came out telling her as much, and received a hand-written thank you letter. I learned recently that she passed away from cancer in 2004. "Dragonslayer" has action, humor, humanity, political irony. And if none of those matter to you: it's just plain fun 
They should stop milking it with crappy film franchises like the texas chainsaw massacre. This series should have been killed off by now. The first was not even worth watching! Stay away from this whole movie series 
Ashley Judd's (Normal Life, The Locusts) husband, played by Jim Caviezel (The Passion Of The Christ, Frequency) gets arrested and put on the guilty bench for a slaughter in El Salvador a bunch of years ago. So, Judd hires the always superb Morgan Freeman (Unleashed, Million Dollar Baby) to help her out on the case and to find out the truth while she tries to get her husband out of imprisonment. Judd then has threats on her life after. The opening sequence pulls you in, the thrills are a mixed bag (car crash scene for example was good) and the outcome, well, I really saw coming anyway. Ashley Judd's thrid thriller but its her second one with a murderous manipulative husband(Double Jeopardy). Twisted and Kiss The Girls had a killer running after her or playing games with her noggin. Also starring Bruce Davison (X-Men, Dahmer), Amanda Peet (The Whole Nine Yards, The Whole Ten Yards) and Tom Bower (Die Hard 2 
"Over done" is the best way to describe this over-the-top attempt to view gang life from the eye of a "stolen" video camera. 
I was very excited about this film as a fan of both the book and Ghibli Studios previous works. All the greater the disappointment then, when less than half way through, the story becomes something utterly unrecognizable from the original, several key characters are lumped together most confusingly, and others lose all their complex charm. What a shame. If you have never read the book and are a fan of Miyazaki, by all means buy this. You're very likely to enjoy the excellent animation and yet another unusual story from him. If you are a fan of the book, steer well clear. You're likely to want to poke Miyazaki with a stick and see if his head turns into a turnip or his turnip into a head. 
Therese, Lux, Mary, Bonnie and Cecilia make up the five Lisbon girls, ages 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17. Cecilia, the youngest, lives in her sisters shadows because they are all older and of much more interest to their male neighbors. As a cry for help, she slits her wrists and lays down in the bathtub, she survived the incident. After a psychiatrist highly impresses upon the strict Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon that it would be benificial for Cecilia to be exposed to environments which have boys her own age, Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon decide to allow the girls to throw the one and only Lisbon party. Some of the neighborhood's boys are invited over and while the party is in session, Cecilia is pretty inanimate, sitting on the couch while her sisters flirt, talk and laugh. Midway through the party, Cecilia asks to be excused and Mrs. Lisbon - though somewhat reluctantly - allows it. Cecilia goes up to her room (on the second floor of a two-story house) and jumps out the window, landing on the spiked fence on the front lawn of the Lisbon house. In this way, Cecilia Lisbon commited suicide. Only four girls remain. The act which Cecilia committed did not go at all unnoticed. The father saw her immediately, the party ended there and all of the boys went home rather glum. Four of the Lisbon's neighbors, four young boys, suffered a rapidly growing obsession with the Lisbon girls, who were beautiful and a total mystery to the outside world. They got hold of Cecilia's diary and tried to explain why she committed suicide. The eldest decided Cecilia was a dreamer, and she did not think she would fall when she jumped out her window, she thought she would fly. With their youngest sister gone, the remaining Lisbon girls grow closer to each other, stranding themselves further from the outside world. When school starts again, they attempt to go on acting as if nothing happened, not ever mentioning their youngest sister. The run-of-the-mill awkward act is taken part by the rest of the school however. The usual profuse apology to the mention of the word "death" and the like. Trip Fontaine is the most popular guy in school, the object of desire to all of the girls at school... Except for the Lisbon girls, which is of no importance to Trip until he sets eyes on Lux. Trip cannot help but be enchanted by her flawless beauty. In the beginning, he is unsuccessful in his quest to even catch her attention for she bluntly shows she's not interested. But after his consistent courtship, Lux falls for his charming ways. Trip then attempts to convince Mr. Lisbon to let him and three of his football team pals take the Lisbon daughters to Homecoming. After Mr. Lisbon talks to his wife, he agrees to Trip's request, knowing nothing but Trip's sincerity and claimed honorable intentions, on the understanding that Trip have all of the Lisbon girls returned to the house by curfew. After Trip explains the situation to his football peers, he gives in to those who bribe him the most handsomely. Meanwhile, the Lisbon girls are picking out fabric for the dresses they shall wear to the Homecoming Dance. Though one pattern is used for all four dresses, each dress looks unique when concentrating on detail. Once they pick up the girls, they stop midway to the Homecoming in order to smoke, Lux being the only girl volunteering to smoke. They then drive to the dance. Trip and Lux sneak away and sneak swallows of alcohol. Another one of the Lisbon sisters and her date follow, but leave soon afterwards, not being as wild nor daring as Trip and Lux. At the time they all decided to meet back at the car so they could make the girls curfew, they are all there... Except for Trip and Lux, who at that time were alone in the middle of the football stadium field. Deciding they must make their own curfews, Therese, Bonnie, Mary and their dates leave without them. After fooling around, the intoxicated Trip and Lux fall asleep in the middle of the football stadium. Trip awakens in the middle of the night and leaves Lux there alone. When Lux wakes up early the next morning she is confused as to why Trip is not there. She takes a taxi home and her parents were worried sick (of course). But they take measures as far as pulling the girls out of school and stranding them inside the Lisbon residence. The girls, in a desperate attempt to hold onto a connection to the outside world, begin using morse code to interact with the four boys who so closely follow their lives. One of which boys lived across the street and the rest which came over daily after this in order to contact the girls. Soon following, the boys begin talking to the Lisbon girls via phone. One day, the girls invite the boys to come over once Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon are asleep. The plan being that the boys were to drive the girls somewhere, the boys hastily agree. They sneak over and Lux invites them to wait inside for her sisters and Lux goes to wait in the car. The boys wander down to the basement while waiting for Therese, Bonnie and Mary, verbally expressing their hopes for the night. But then they realize they have stumbled upon one of the sisters. She had hung herself. The boys, scared to death, run all the way home. Time passed, things changed, girls came and went... But no matter what, those four boys NEVER forgot the Lisbon suicides. Ultimately, the movie was nothing short of queer. When trying to sum up the story in a few lines (such as "Follow the lives of the Lisbon sisters and how they connect to their neighbors. A story full of obsession, gossip, lust, love, desire and isolation.") the story sounds quite unique and intriguing, but the story fell short of that for me personally. Partly because the Lisbon sisters really committed suicide for a reason not much deeper than isolation. The movie, in places, is also extremely flawed. I do not believe Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon could've removed their daughters from school for so long without their daughters being taken from them by social services. In many parts of the movie, they should've used upbeat music to fill the deafening silences. The whole movie was filmed in a style that I can truthfully say makes me rather bored. I would only suggest this film to, perhaps, people who like movies such as "Elizabethtown" which Kirsten Dunst is also in. But I personally disliked this movie which was not very tasteful and will not be watching it again in the future 
I purchased this DVD a while ago - FYI - A documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie. I went to the web site to complain and my profile could not be found. Here, years later, when I'm finally placing another through Amazon They found my account and noted that I purchased Meet John Doe. I guess it's a little late to complain now 
This is my favorite movie. I like it all: screenplay, director, actors, etc. Believe it brilliant 
This documentary is very concise, and very straight forward. It does not beat around the bush or preach to the choir. It features interviews with some very credible sources, all of whom have their unique take on such a timely discussion topic. I really enjoyed the way the interviews were woven together. This documentary makes a great point and I'd highly recommend it for anyone who is interested in learning the hard facts about the drug industry and its ethics 
Awesome! Bought for my husband for Valentine's Day! Even our 8 year old son loved it. Excellent condition 
I bought the DVD with this artwork out of a dollar bin and I got what I paid for. The image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality. This must have been taken from a 16mm print. It may be that this film is in public domain, so it may be difficult to find a decent quality DVD. There are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other DVD issues. Note: Amazon seems to spread these reviews across DVDs of the same title, so you may see this review under multiple DVD releases of "Meet John Doe". The poor quality DVD that I bought has a cover that looked like this: [... 
..without jessica alba.let's imagine the same film as "the deep" with jacqueline Bisset...a real sexy looking woman not a " teenager chica lookalike"with very poor acting..It seems the same director had a better choice in "blue crush". The rest is absolutly great and represents a great moment of adventures. buy i 
Don't get me wrong : I'm a fierce anti-communist. But the stupidity of this movie is just unbearable. All the american clichs about Russians and USSR are reunited here, and it should be studied at school as an example of gross caricature. The ridiculous russian language imitations, the dissenters presented as "freedom soldiers", whereas a child knows today they NEVER used violence as a mean to achieve their goals, the Jews presented as traitors (the scientist's wife looks like Ethel Rosenberg) the idea of stealing so easily such a weapon, the reaction of Secretary general (and not Premier), to send another Firefox, whereas he could just use this incident to accuse the United States of stealing... If you should see an intelligent Cold War movie, check out White Nights (it's a shame it isn't on DVD yet) or the 7th Protocol, far more intelligent than this gross, highly unprobable childish parody. The chase "Star Wars like" scene is WAY too long and looks dated today. Clint Eastwood, shame on you 
But for me at least, I found it rather hard to root for Mel Gibson's character, given the fact that he was a major, major drug dealer. When the movie ended with him more or less riding off into the sunset with Michelle Pfeiffer and all the loot, I didn't find myself feeling exactly uplifted by it. Given the fact that the movie bent over backwards to depict Gibson as a loving father, a phenomenally successful businessman, and a super-stud, one might fairly say that this movie glamorizes drug-dealing 
After seeing both Peyton Place and the sequel I can tell you that I could tolerate the recast, Carol Lynley and Tuesday Weld were wonderful in their perspective parts. But I have to wonder was it only the cast that changed in this sequel did the writers change as well? My reasons for asking, the glaring inconsistencys to the original movie. Over and over in this film it is stated that Selena was raped when she was thirteen, yet in the original film Selena, Alison and the others were graduating from high school when the incident occured. Since when do thirteen year olds graduate from high school, also she looked pretty mature for thirteen. Then there's Selen'as boyfriend (whose name escapes me at the moment) in the original film he stood by her, through the murder charges, the revelation of the rape, and the miscarriage, yet in the sequel I'm suppose to buy that he couldn't handle any of it dumped her and left town where he met and married someone else. Then all the towns people after being put in their place by the town Doctor all rallied together at the end of the original film to give their support of Selena, yet in the sequel she is considered the town outcast? I have nothing against sequels even with recast but this one strayed way too far from its original film that all creditbility for it as a sequel went out the door. It was all too obvious that the original film wasn't taken into account when writing the sequel. Not credible at all 
Shipment was very fast and dvd is just as discribed. I even got a car with it!!! 
This is a really scary movie. I've always put Ju-On on the top mantle as being the scariest horror movie ever, but this movie surpasses that movie. I didn't expect much, seeing the title of the movie which doesn't sound scary at all, but was I wrong, dead wrong. If you are a horror fan, you got to see this movie. The terror one feels stays with you even after the movie ends. Cold chills ran through my bones and the hair never stopped standing at the back of my neck. Asian horror movies don't rely on gore, but suspense and an ever so thickening creepiness that never stops. Contemporary American horror movies don't scare me much anymore and it often relies on the same old tricks. Asian horror movies like this one, which is Korean, is not an original idea, but the craft of scaring the living daylights out of you is getting stronger and better. Other Asian titles I recommend are Ju-On, Dark Water, and The Red Shoes 
I just watched this movie last night. I came across the title on someone's MySpace and being a Jared Leto fan I wanted to watch it. I had also read a few reviews and talked to some people who said the film was riveting. Riveting is the very least I can say about this film. It is as the Amazon editorial review puts it, "a tour through hell." This film makes you think. The fact that all the addicts succumbed to their addictions seems a little out there to me but I keep wondering is it so far fetched . . . ? How many people are there that actually DO escape addictions? You might escape one but more than likely you will soon replace it with another. During the film I kept trying to see the positive side of it all and hoping that there was some middle ground; some little piece of hope left. I was wrong. The film didn't depict drug use the way that I had expected to see it; the way I had seen it depicted in countless other films. All of the ugly aspects of drug use were put out there for your viewing pleasure. Personally I found it painful to watch. There were moments when I actually thought of turning it off but for some reason continued to watch. I think that reason was the hypnotic trancelike style of the film. The truth is that I COULDN'T stop watching. The film put me directly in the shoes of the addict. I felt like the addicts in the film . . . my hands sweaty and my heart pounding. I couldn't close my eyes. I want to see it again sometime. I would like to watch it with my husband. I bought the movie before I had ever watched it the first time. The film was painfully realistic, genuinely graphic, appalling and appealing at the same exact time. A MUST see. Overall I think it is a wonderful film to add to any collection. Personally it is probably one of the best movies I have ever watched. I think the acting in the movie was outstanding, the direction was genius, and the plot was amazingly horrific. All in all this is an 5 star film 
This really isnt a bad movie if you havent read the book, if you have read the book then think of this as another story based on the same subject. i understand that a book to movie will leave certain things out, and i accept that, but to completely change the ending is not excusable. What was wrong with the way the book ended? Like i said if you havent read the book you will like this movie although they do solve these very complex puzzles after a glance at them(even though they hide a very very valuable secret that will change the world). If you havent read the book or seen the movie do yourself a favor and pick up a copy, its a better story and its cheaper if bought in the paperback, if you dont have time to read it then get it on audio disk or tape 
In the early 1990's this movie was definitely made for that era. Just look at the clothing and hair. High top fades etc. Graffiti Bridge was definitely unique. It should have been released on cable t.v. instead of the theater. It was more of a musical then a actual movie. Prince somehow has his own ways of doing things in his own world. And he may not care about record sales or what people think of what he puts out, but it makes even the most loyal fans question what he is doing. The talent he has is amazing but he's become just a mediocur artist. This lack luster film may be remembered a hundred years from now. But as of now it's just what you call a get up and walk out film. I'm a prince fanatic, a die hard fan, but man the potential this guy has to be a mega star of our time he fails to meet. You haft to make people believe in you and really reach them and relate. If only Prince could relate to what people are feeling now and what they want. Prince somehow fell behind because the youth of this generation moved on while he stayed stagnet. I think he shut the world out and it just went on turning. Record sales may not matter to him, but fans you must keep loyal. Graffiti bridge is a film in my collection and I just look at it as my collection but nothing more. It's a film that makes you think. It's spiritual and there are some warm moments. Now Purple Rain is something not to be missed. I recommend that one. Enjoy 
Love it...love them all. Disagree about the pace of this one. Heart of the Jungle is great even though it is slower and you have to own this one just to get the Tea Party show. It is a must have. Even if it is just for Polka Palace which is great unto itself. 
This film is definitely not a masterpiece. I found it incredibly dry and incomprehensibly over-rated. Yes, the film was bleak but inexplicably bleak. To make matters worse, the main character seems to resolve her numbness almost out of nowhere. Perhaps I missed something gigantic because I was trying not to fall asleep while watching this drag on but I would not attempt to see it again. However, there were a couple of memorable scenes. I would strongly advise renting it before purchase. Some people do love the film but I don't understand why 
I enjoy all three of the the Jurassic Park movies, though I think The Lost World is a bit weak. While I think that anyone who enjoys action movies, monster movies, or horror movies should own all three, I find it difficult to recommend this set because there is a set that contains not only the three movies, but a fourth DVD containing substantial background information on the making of the movies. I give this collection four stars only because the larger, more comprehensive collection is available and if you liked the first two, you will definitely like the third movie 
This product is way outdated for todays advanced technology. It is appropriate for CRT TV's but not for LCD's. Very disappointed!! 
Honestly, I wasn't certain about this film, in fact, at first I actually believed it was related to "Chocolate." I was terribly wrong yet most pleasantly surprised. Upon first viewing, I did not laugh as much as the second time. Yes, I tend to watch a film twice for I know we miss much the first time with our opinions and own theories. I can be more relaxed and open minded the second time. Second viewing was a belly full of laughter. This is the best lesbian comedy I have ever seen. The acting was wonderful and the film was fast paced. Now that I decided that this film is exceptional, it was time to put it to the test on others (mostly women 20's - 80's years, some men.) Each person I shared this film with, either loaning it or viewing it together, all responded similarly: "This is a hysterically funny film." What is even more amazing is the brief allotted time the director accomplished in completing the filming process - about twenty-two days. Congratulations, sometimes a tight budget can produce a true work of art. Many short films I have seen on the "Spiritual Cinema Circle" also have numerous low budget wonderful productions. Hoorah for the film art genius. I applaud the entire talented cast and crew, especially actress, Christine Cox, her performance was exceptionally wonderful. I would like to see her in more comedies...she's a natural. I fell "in love with her" and I am straight gal, as are all of the actresses except for Frances. A must see funny film. I always wondered why the comedy male gay films always had that edge of humor when the lesbian films appeared more serious. We need more films that are as pleasurable and diversified as "Better Than Chocolate". Thanks bunches. 
Royal Wedding has been a favorite in the Fred Astaire canon ever since it was released 54 years ago. Astaire and Jane Powell turn in some of their best perfromances in this film, and Astaire's dance on the ceiling ("You're All the World to Me") is classic. The score, by Burton Lane (of Finian's Rainbow fame) and Alan Jay Lerner (future lyricist of My Fair Lady) is unbeatable. I need not comment further on the film's merits--it speaks for itself. The film is now in the public domain and, unfortunately, nearly all VHS and DVD releases of such films are deplorable at best. That is not so in this case. The DVD I'm commenting on here is from Goodtimes DVD (edition 05-81171), and I must say that the transfer looks pretty darn good for a PD film. The picture is clear, for the most part, and although there are some minor color shifts and age-related artifacts present, they do not distract. Colors are fairly bold and are well defined. The soundtrack is pretty clear and sounds fine. There are no extras. I have a very old 1980s copy of the VHS tape from MGM/UA Home Video and also a VHS dub I did off Turner Classic Movies two years ago, and honestly, this DVD looks better than both. It is about as good as we can expect for a PD film that has not been restored from original elements. Goodtimes is often better than most in their releases of PD films--it could be a lot worse. Warner Home Video, which controls video/DVD release rights to the rest of the old MGM library, has not given us a studio DVD release of ROYAL WEDDING as yet, and as far as I know none is in the works. If you want ROYAL WEDDING on DVD, I absolutely recommend this Goodtimes DVD release--it is probably the best one you'll find, is at a very good price, and comes in very nice packaging. RECOMMENDED 
What a great story and an ending! I was so excited about the conclusion of this 2 hr program that I coudn't sleep at all 
This film is a gripping true life portrait of the path poverty takes when it (poverty) decides to destroy life and hurt those who cannot defeat its ties of depression. One of the strongest film ever seen!!! A must see 
I like Pauley Shore I have seen him in other movies that I liked so I made the mistake of buying the Jury Duty video because I liked In The Army Now and Bio-Dome and assumed I would like this too, well I learned my lesson well and I learned it the hard way and wasted my money and I have learned to never assume I will like a movie because I liked the actor in another movie and from now on I will rent the movie first! Jury Duty simply was just plain awful with it's weak, boring plot and unfunny humor! In The Army Now and Bio-Dome were a lot funnier, and if you want to kick back, relax and laugh your [backside] off than watch those movies 
Teenagers plan a mock crime for kicks on the same day criminals knock off a bank for real and their paths cross. I can understand implying that two ex-cons have or had a homosexual relationship but to lace an entire movie with cheap double-entendre and to stoop so low as to give a lead male character a female first name is a trifle ridiculous (OK, director we 'get it' all men are secretly gay! You made your point, move on!) I can't even imagine that a person of same gender orientation could possibly find this film the least bit interesting much less stimulating. (for an intelligent crime caper with a same-sex subplot see Bound) Since this movie is supposed to take place in Wisconsin they give the locals a Southern accent. An absolute bore 
This is the worst version of 'Wuthering Heights' I have ever seen. Please, if you are a fan of Emily Bronte's classic, don't waste your time on this movie. I don't know how anyone could try out for a part in a movie without reading the book it was based off of first. (None of the actors read the novel.) Instead, try seeing the 1939 or 1992 version, they ARE worth your time and money 
The Legend of Zelda: Complete Animated Series sits high up on the forgotten mountain of what children's cartoon should be, right there with "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles," "Street Sharks," and "Recess." The Legend of Zelda was (and still is) such an exceptional video game series for all ages, and the TV show followed in its footsteps. It combined pleasantly cartoony action and adventure with cheesy one-liners, and some jokes that still today make me laugh. "Lookin' good, Princess! 'Specially from THIS angle!" As children we see Link yell that to Zelda on a balcony below him and brush it off as the banter in between those amazing battle sequences. But later, that comment makes us young adults convulse with glee, and wonder how we ever missed it before. But the series is most enjoyable for those of us who faithfully stuck to the actual video game series. The implimentation of original 8-bit sound effects into the cartoon is an added bonus that draws us back for more. And waiting to see which classic Zelda enemy will cause Link and Zelda trouble next is just that much more fun (especially if you can name them). But by far the most fun thing about this show is waiting and praying for the day when Link can coax a kiss out of the lovely Princess. And they've come so close it almost made me angry when they got interrupted. Link tries so hard, and makes such an idiot out of himself trying, that you'd think he deserves a little action once in a while. but every time, no matter how he tries, he either messes up or is interrupted by Ganon's non-stop attempts to steal the Triforce. All in all, if you grew up with te Super Mario Super Show, and you're a Nintendo fan, you'll appreciate this show as much as you love to watch it 
An extraordinary film, The Vanishing, brings to the screen the story of a young man as he searches for his missing girlfriend in the American Northwest. The movie falls into the action/adventure/mystery/thriller type of category. Kiefer Sutherland, Jeff Bridges, Nancy Travis, Sandra Bullock, and the rest of the cast, have truly outdone themselves with their performances, which are outstanding to say the least! All the actors, without exceptions, give it their 100% and it really shows (the chemistry is AMAZING)! Very well written and very well presented, it allows for a highly entertaining movie that can be watched over and over again! The setting, the plot (Jeff's strong sense of love, devotion, and determination are admirable and commendable, and an example for all to follow!), the dialogues and the music are all wonderful! In short, The Vanishing is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection! 
This movie is quite possibly the biggest waste of Christian Bale and Colin Farrell to date. It was boring, overblown and incessantly long. It's one of those movies where you keep hoping it will get better, but it never does - and then it just ends. Don't waste the time or the money 
You know you have a hit on your hands when even your boys want to sit and watch this wonderful video over and over again! I pass them walking around the house humming the music and even asking for art materials to try some of the things they have seen in the video. Best educational video I have seen for motivating the creative side of children and it has motivated me to buy other Brainy Baby videos. Try it-you won't be dissapointed! 
The first Butterfly Effect is one of my all-time favorite movies. With that in mind, I eagerly started watching BE2. Within the first 5 minutes it became clear that I was going to have to stretch the truth in order to claim this was a good movie. But after finishing it, it was clear that I would have to flat-out lie to do that. There is one and only one redeeming factor in this movie: Erica Durance naked. But it's too softcore, short, and pointless to really be worth anything. The writing is terrible. The story is lifted directly from the original, only without any semblance of personal feeling or emotion. It manages to be both predictable and borderline nonsensical, a feat unparelleled in modern film. The protagonist comes off as an idiotic, self-concerned, petty jerk that even jerks would have a hard time identifying with. The acting is...barely passable, for the most part, but the story's protagonist is just plain bad at expressing all the things this character needs to express. The first one was great because you never knew exactly what to expect - how long would he be able to keep doing this? Would this one be the last? In the sequel, this is gone, but without any extra twists or added value to keep it interesting. If you have any fond memories of the first one, avoid this turd 
If you have bothered to read all the other reviews here, i think you will get the point, but still unsure ? Think of KNIGHTRIDER from the 70`s ( i`m sure EDI used the same voice !! ) then add some THUNDERBIRD puppets ( thats a bit mean, at least they had personality ) then add a dash of C.G.I. on a budget, oh and not forgetting that the whole script was written by a seven year old! A bit scathing you may feel - but deservedly so i`m afraid. Seriously, watch some paint dry for a couple of hours, at least the fumes will give you some sort of a buzz. 
I think this film wants to make you vomit. I don't know about you, but that is not a quality I am looking for in my films. Being scared is fine; being in suspense is great, vomiting is not. I really think that is what this film was going for. It has some pretty disgusting moments. While I was watching it I kept feeling this retching feeling at the back of my throat during certain scenes. In fact, I am feeling it now as I write this review and think about the movie. The story runs like this: A meteor falls to earth. It has an alien life in it which shoots into people and uses them as an incubation device. This of course means then when the aliens decide to hatch out of incubation...well its not a pretty picture as you may imagine. In the meantime the people who have aliens incubating inside them turn into rotting-corpse looking creatures, or in the case of the head alien, just a big pile of disgustingness. The idea itself isn't a bad one, and its executed in a relatively skillful way. In fact, the idea is much more original than many other horror movies. But as I said before, it's just too disgusting to be really enjoyable. This movie was confused as to whether it wanted to be a comedy or a horror and while it was trying to figure that out it failed in both categories 
if you are a GHITS SAC fan this DVD is a must, series wise the dvd contains 4 new episodes and the tachikoma stories are back as well, in fact the tachikoma's are now back in action in the series Too. Graphic wise, 2nd gig drops the funny pastel look of the first season and returns to its dark look as it was in the first movie, the CG is allot more fine-tuned and the action is awesome!!!, the opener has also improved significantly for the series!!!, Sound wise the series is awesome as usual 5.1 DTS Japanese 5.1 DTS English, with stereo for both and there are English subtitles if you chose to run it with Japanese audio. Overall they squealed SAC season 1 perfectly, this not a series to miss if you're a shell fan! 
the fifth installment of samurai champloo has proven, like the volumes before it, that good things come to those who wait. with masterful artwork, great music and action-packed scenes, samurai champloo has kept the industry alive. below are my ratings for the four episodes on this volume. episode seventeen: lullabies of the lost verse2- the fans that watched volume four have been waiting for this episode: it finishes what volume four left unfinished. this episode reveals the fate of our heroes and if their fate brings them together again. i rate this episode a 10/10. great episode nomatter how many times i watch it. episode eighteen: war of the words- mugen is illiterate! as mugen finally comes to terms with this, fuu tries to fend off two crazy boys with the hots for her! and amidst this commotion, visits a grave of a man he had great respect for. i rate this episode 9/10 episode nineteen: unholy union- jin, mugen and fuu discover a fraud involving selling weaponry and the underground christians. intrigued? guess you gottta watch it! good episode. i rate this episode a 7/10. it was quite funny, but there was less action and less plot compared to other episodes. still, a good thirty minutes. episode twenty: elegy of entrapment verse1- it's happened again! this episode is one part of a two part episode on the end of this dvd. that means we are to be cliffhung once again. still, this is a really good episode. i rate this episode a 10/10. well, thats it for this review. check out my others for this series. 
Its original idea challenges us to look in a new way at the things we don't have the answers for. Kevin Costner is Joe Darrow, an emergency doctor, who's pregnant wife Emily, also a doctor ,dies in a tragic accident in Venezuela while he's in Chicago and trying desperately to reunite with her. Joe doesn't find her body and this leaves him haunted. His emotional pain is beyond belief, he buries himself in work. One day he remembers that Emily asked him to check on her paediatric cancer patients and he starts visiting them. Then unusual things begin to happen. The children who have had near-death experience have seen Emily and are trying to pass a message. Joe Darrow's already shattered world is now turned completely upside down. He is forced to change his beliefs. This is dramatic and painful process and its end is a TRIUMPH of one of the greatest love stories ever told! Kevin Costner's performance as Joe Darrow is absolutely brilliant. His extraordinary talent shines in this complex and emotionally demanding role! Dragonfly is a profound film. Its magnificent end is affirmation of life and a great inspiration. After all :"It's belief that gets us there" 
She just keeps getting better and better. I love this woman, she makes us all look at ourselves and laugh over situations that are hurtful. I personally will keep an open mind and try to copy some of her down to earth common sense a lot uf us have let go of for whatever reason. Way to go girl.. 
I have absolutely no idea how to properly describe this movie. I just know that I had to buy it b/c I rented it so often. Napolean is such a loser. His brother Kip could have a huge "L" on his own forehead. They have a pet llama named Tina. Watching this movie brought back all of my akward teen years. Agh! Also made me feel a LOT prettier and smarter than I thought I was. In the end, though, they all win. Kip is especially transformed. "Your mom goes to college... 
I agree, these were not used in the first two seasons for a good reason, they are not that good. OK, there is maybe one or two slightly funny sketches but it is not worth buying. I love Charlie Murphy and the Ashy guy and I think they could have done more with these guys to make it funny. Dave, come back to TV 
WARNING: SPOILERS. Opening scene is quite shocking. Some graphic effects. There is more male nudity and male genitalia than female. There is only one quick...very quick female genitalia shot near the beginning, or "end" of the movie. Since the movie begins with the "ending scene" and ends with the "opening scene". The rape scene is violent, with graphic language. Obviously actual penetration is achieved (anal)...but none shown. Not even a good boob shot. You "of course" see the male genitalia (big deal)! Movie is revenge driven...and that seems to be about it. Doesn't have a great script...may be good to the French...but, not to US standards. Movie is in French with English subtitles. 
Can someone please tell me where to get the re-mastered DVD version of this film with Chinese audio and English subtitles? The recent Hong Kong Legends release is crazy: Chinese audio, or English audio, but NO English subtitles! I have the original Chinese language/English subtitled (the subtitles are imbedded) version of this movie on a Universe VCD and, based on the merits of its available Chinese audio/English subtitles alone, it is a better movie--by magnitudes--than the one(s) commercially available to the (hapless) U.S. market. The English dubbing on this DVD, even though well synchronized with the actors' lips, takes so much away from the film nevertheless, especially its "Chinese-ness," which is a major reason I enjoy this movie genre. Take, for example, the scene where our hero first returns to Jing Woo School after learning of his master's death and sees First Senior fight a challenge match with a visiting master. After handily defeating the challenger, First Senior actually saves face for the beaten master which the English soundtrack completely (and deplorably) misses. Also, at the very end of the U.S. release film, Chen says he is going back to his Japanese girlfriend. In the original, Hong Kong release, he actually goes off to fight the Japanese with the resistance movement. Between these two examples, there are many such, gross audio mis-cues; enough, at least, to take three stars away from an otherwise five-star martial arts film: the best of Jet Li's filmography, and perhaps the best of the "modern" Martial Arts genre, period. The same criticism holds true for Jet Li's The Tai Chi Master (released in the U.S. as the English-dubbed Twin Warriors). It's an English soundtrack superimposed over a Chinese movie, often stripping the film of its unique cultural content/identity/nuance, forcing the film through an American "knock-down-shoot-'em-up" template and reducing the potential for mental (as opposed to strictly visceral) enjoyment to a pitiful minimum. We end up with a film typically devoid of humor, character development and silver screen "intimacy," a film precariously out of balance with, and far flung from, its careful directorial intent. If you value the full content--visible and audible--of Chinese martial arts films, but lack facility in the host language, then the next best thing is a well-subtitled, original language version. And this release clearly is not that--by a long, long, long shot. 
I read the book in middle school and watched the movie shortly afterwards. A few of the characters were switched around, but I was so impressed with the adaptation. A thriller that still makes me nervous and jumpy - the kids in the kitchen scene and when Mr. Arnold's arm drops on Ellie's shoulder as she's trying to turn the generator back on, for example. There have been countless lines I've memorized and quoted at appropriate and innapropriate times, due to my obsession. And after watching it more than 25 times, I've come to appreciate it more. Great cast - Sam Neil is my favorite. Richard Attenborough is a little too cute and nice, but I liked his white clothing, the hat, and the amber cane. Wayne Knight was incredible as Nedry, the slob. He's as likeable as ever, though somewhat the villain. I always hate it when he dies. Jeff Goldblum fit the description of Ian Malcom from Crichton's novel well. Crichton sparked my interest in Chaos Theory, sometimes called The Butterfly Effect. I am a firm believer in it. And of course, in the novel and film, Malcolm was right. "Life finds a way..." (In Chaos Theory, the system is very sensitive to small changes in external conditions, and "random" --unpredictable-- events result from the "normal" equation/setup, because there is never a fixed set of outcomes; the system is unpredictable because of its complexity. Hammond thought his system was without error, that he was in complete control. He believed that the dinosaurs would fail to reproduce because all were engineered to be female, but he was wrong - the dinosaurs evolved because of the replacement amphibian DNA that was used to fill in the gaps in the dinosaur DNA. This DNA gave the dinosaurs the ability to change sex in order to reproduce, "survive," in a single-sex environment. And it turned out that Hammond was wrong about many other equations - things are not as black and white as he thought, and it is problematic to predict long-term behavior of his animals.) Love the scene where the lawyer is eaten while sitting on the toilet. We watched the Mr. DNA segment in a high school biology class. I've always thought it explained the process very well for something that is complicated (though I found Mr. Hammond's live speaking lines to be unrealistic...was he really planning to be there for each tour?). The kids were kind of annoying. I didn't notice this until I was a little older, but Lex ("I prefer to be called a hacker") uses Silicon Graphics' 3D file system navigator to turn power back on in the park. Their logo is on the monitor. If only UNIX were as popular as Windows is now... Anyway, the soundtrack was classic - it was the first CD I bought, back in the mid-90s. Tonya Harding skated to the theme at the 1994 Olympics, or some other competition. I only liked her because of her excellent music choice 
"Eye of the Killer" is an excellent small movie. Kiefer Sutherland is police detective Mickey Hayden in a self-destructive mode since the breakup of his marriage. He chases an albino wino who runs out of a convenience store with his Jack Daniels into a vacant warehouse. Hayden falls through a second-story floor and hits his head which starts him receiving psychic visions of the victims through the eyes of the killer. He meets a parapsychologist, Dr. Vera Swann, played by Polly Walker. Romantic sparks eventually fly between the two, allowing Hayden to start to get over his divorce. He lost his wife to police detective John Hatter played by Gary Hudson who seems to meddle in the investigation, eventually pointing toward his guilt. Henry Czerny who was the thief opposite Harrison Ford in "Clear Present Danger" and has done "Pink Panther" and "The Exorcism of Emily Rose" plays Harvey, a psychic that attaches himself to Mickey Hayden in a gay bar. Hayden frequents the gay bar because it's a place for a straight guy to be alone. With his partner Ray Coombs played by Ronn Sarosiak, they seek to find the serial killer supposedly responsible for a string of murders. All of the murders eventually are solved and improbably point at the owner of a newspaper who was trying to capitalize on the Jabberwocky serial case to heighten the value of her newspaper so it could be profitably sold. Loren Petersen plays the hapless Alice who we see fall down the stairs several times and get her skull smashed. This little drama that was originally an HBO movie works pretty well as a nouveau film noir. Enjoy! 
I first viewed this film with a friend, in my home. He and I are both lovers of beautiful music and art. This film satisfies both categories. The score is absolutely magnificent and the views of Venice, beautiful. The acting (by main character Dirk Bogard)is subtle but effective. We found this film to be a totally soul-satisfying experience. 
I enjoyed the movie even though I was only able to watch it in segments. The first time I tried to watch it, after about 20 minutes, the screen went to digital gibberish and my DVD player hung up so that I couldn't even open the tray to remove the disc or turn off the power. I had to unplug the DVD player, wait, and replug the power cord to remove the disc. Overnight, I decided I needed to replace my DVD player. However, the next morning, I tried a different DVD and it worked fine. It still works fine on all my other DVDs. I complained to your customer service people and they were nice enough to send me a replacement copy of Showgirls. Unfortunately, this one has the same problem. It plays for several minutes and then goes to gibberish and hangs my DVD player. I gave up on the problem at this point and decided to just get through my life without Showgirls. I use my DVD player almost every day and it works fine except when I try to watch Showgirls 
Though based on a true incident that took place in 1914, in the midst of a WWI battle among the Scots, the French and the Germans, Christian Carrion's film "Joyeux Noel" nonetheless has a dreamlike, other-worldly quality that says more about the state of our current international affairs than it does about Carrion's telling of this sad, sentimental tale. Can you imagine a contemporary world in which countries at war with each other would stop the warring long enough to drink champagne, slug vodka, play cards and toast Christ's birth? Unfortunately the Bureaucrats and Politicians react to this spur-of-the-moment camaraderie among the different factions as they usually do: they condemn the participants and accuse them of treason. All of the actors do a fine job of creating characters who genuinely feel like they are fighting for ideals and ideas that will have a lasting effect on their lives and that of their children. They are committed. They are also of course, innocent. The ethereal Diane Kruger plays a classical singer, a Swede and therefore neutral but married to a German soldier who, through some personal machinations as well as a pass from Kaiser Wilhelm finds herself on the battlefield on that special night of 12/24/1914. She sings Gounod's "Ave Maria" to a rapt audience of soldiers attending Christmas Eve Mass. It is the moral and emotional center of the film as well as its highpoint. "Joyeux Noel" is a nice reminder of a gentler time: a time when it was the moral and social imperative to always love your country, to always trust your leaders and to always cleave to your family. Unfortunately that time is long gone. 
What a disappointing purchase this was! I have never purchased a dvd set that was this bad in quality without it being pirated. Actually, I've seen vhs copies with better audio/video quality. If I had not purchased the set from Amazon itself I would have thought, I did get a cheap bootleg. The sound is a bit flat, which I could deal get over, but the picture quality is just horrendous! All of the episodes are grainy, pixilated, and some even blur a bit. There are whole episodes where the show is so dark you can hardly tell what is going on. It's a waste of money to buy dvd's like this. Shame on Fox for releasing them this bad! As for the show itself, well, it would be kind to say it was okay. In truth, it is not that great. I wonder how the show made it to season two at all. The acting was bad, the dialog was atrocious, the stories were subpar; I could go on, but I think you get the idea. Usually, a shows first season is the best or at the least good enough to make you want to see the next run, but not this one. In short, DO NOT buy this set even if you are a fan. You can tape reruns on the FX channel in better quality! 
American Pie: an immature, mindless, vapid, boring, blandly disgusting, humor lacking piece of over-rated trash packed full of cliches, highschool sterotypes, annoying horny teenaged behavior performed by a wonderful cast of grade A douchebags. 
Michael Par("Into the Sun""Space Fury"), Nancy Allen("Limit up" "Robocop"),two famous star in 80's, made this a five-star Sci-Fi movie. But no subtitle or Closed Captioned , so I will give it 4.5 star. 
Kiefer Sutherland stars in `Dead Heat' a crime drama in which the star of hit TV series `24' can show more tender side of the character than he is often associated with. He plays Pally, 35-year-old Boston cop who is forced to retire because of the heart problem, and his acting is very good. Overall, however, there is not much that I can recommend in `Dead Heat' except some nice touch in showing the characters. The film tries to include as many things as possible, but few of them really materialize. The story looks rather like a familiar one. Because of his early retirement, Pally starts to drink, and even thinks of committing suicide. His relationship with his estranged wife Charlotte (Rhada Mitchell) is not going well and he is not happy to know that she is now going out with someone else. But Charlotte is also nice and caring, so she persuades Pally's brother Ray (Anthony LaPaglia) to visit him. Ray, who is accused of not being a law-abiding citizen by his too earnest brother, has a good plan to make money easily, and offers it to Pally. It is about buying a racehorse cheap, he says, and it is an easy job because he happens to know that the horse, which has not win any races recently, is actually misdiagnosed, only suffering from a polyp a small operation can remove. When everything is going well, things get suddenly complicated because of a gambling-addicted jockey Tony (Lothaire Bluteau). From here, the story snowballs into blackmail, caper and even murder, but the film's overall tone is always light, not taking itself very seriously. Unfortunately, for all their effective acting from Sutherland, LaPaglia, Mitchell, and Bluteau, the weak and unsure direction totally fails to give momentum to the otherwise unremarkable film. It is not funny when it tries to make us funny, and it is not romantic when it tries to be romantic. Feeble direction simply misses several good opportunities to make good use of the jockey's sullen little daughter Sam (Kay Panabaker, her feature debut), who could have been a little surprise (or gem) in this unconvincing plot. It is true that Kiefer Sutherland shows in `Dead Heat' another side of acting talent, which is less eccentric and intense than most of the roles he had played, or he would play. That is good news, and the only good news here 
In the movie Some Like It Hot its a great movie and its genre is comic and lovely.It takes place in Chicago and in Forida.This movie is about two musicians that accidentallywitness a gangland shooting and then they the other people wanted to killed them. Morover they two musicians Joe(Tony Curtis) and Jerry(Jack Lemmon)decide to go to Florida to participate to a girl jazz band. The problem is that they cannot go as boys so they decide to dress themselves as girls and to present themselves as JOsephine and Daphne. in they way to Forida they meet a lverlorn singer that is Marilyn MOnroe.Their plan is perfect until Josephine falls in love with Marilyn Monroe. Then at the same time a old man falls in love with daphne and wants to engage her. One conflict that the movie has is when the old man tries to engage daphne but she told hin that they can't marrie and she gievs a lot of excuses to him and he says that it doesn't matter that he would forgive her. in addition at the end she says to him that she is a man and he asnwers him that is ok that nobody is perfect. I think that was a good conflict because eventhough she try to get away with it he accepts her without having a problem.The usual is that he wouldn't accept her bor being a man, but that didnt matter to him. The character in this movie are really good actors all of them had a great actuation.The only thing that was different is that the gangster got killed and i think they didnt have a good acting. all the sets wre good except for the one that i just talk about. The lightning in the movie was very creative it was very good, the costumes wre really nice and everyone dressed great in the movie. The music the movie has was ok too because it goes with the type of the movie. I had never seem a movie like this and i think it may relationate with the real life where people does this kind of things. I recomend this film to all the people that want to have some fun and entertain themselves with something good like this movie. 
Controversy courted the release of this film and people went to see it for the actual depictions of sex between the actors, thinking somehow it would be pornographic or titillating. But this film showed two desperate, middle-aged strangers (with all their flaws abundantly clear) meeting once a week for no-strings-attached encounters. The fact that the audience sees graphic moments adds only to the "desperate", tawdry, pathetic feel of their relationship. Naturally, one of the two of them becomes too curious and wants to know more about the other partner, one of the greatest pitfalls in the dangerous pursuit of anonymous encounters: sooner or later, anonymity is not good enough anymore. 
If you are bored with Kurosawa's faithful decpition of historical Samurai (and who would be?), if you think the Samurai genre has been overused and outdated...then get ready for the hip-hop remix version of the age old genre: SAMURAI CHAMPLOO. Directed by Shinichiro Watanabe, the man who brought us Cowboy Bebop and 2 shorts in Animatrix, with character design by Kazuto Nakazawa, Kill Bill vol. 1 fame, we are treated to a world that would have made the Wu-Tang Clan feel right at home. The action is off the wall with the two main characters treating us to two styles of fighting that are the very antithesis to each other. One follows the strict laws of bushido while the other adheres to a style that can only be described as being the breakdance of sword play. The music is all modern hip-hop, no moody asian flare here. The story is about the adventures of these two warriors as they escort a pessant girl across Japan in search of a samurai who's only distinquishing characteristic is that "he smells like sunflowers." Lack of money, food, and patience is a recipe for disaster and wacky hi-jinks in this adventure-comedy. Rated 16+ (the equivilent of R in the US) for bloody violence and language. A must for any samurai genre fan 
Someone bought this 3D DVD for my almost 5 year old daughter. We thought the special effects would be fascinating and they were. However, within minutes of the movie's beginning my daughter was in tears. I won't say why but she found the plot frightening. Several times during the movie I tried to talk her out of watching but she wanted to see what happened in the end. Fortunately the movie is relatively short. Overall, I found the story to be a cynical look at Christmas. As an adult, I think it might be humourous to watch after a hard day of Christmas shopping but I urge caution before showing it to young children. There was way too much animated violence to match the spirit of Christmas 
Jason X (as in Friday the 13th Part 10) sheds light on a familiar, though not too friendly, face: that of Jason. A "miracle of science," Jason, is to be transported from a maximum-security facility to a research lab. The transfer goes awry and he's once again up to no good before being cryogenically suspended. Things become a bit complicated when in the year 2455 a spaceship arrives from Earth II (!) and revives the masked lunatic... The plot, the setting, the acting, and the dialogues are all very good. It's just too bad the cutest girl gets whacked first... In a nutshell, Jason X is a movie definitely worth watching, as it will provide for an evening's entertainment, as long as you're in that kind of a mood. 
One of the many reasons we love movies is how they make us feel, how they make us react. "Dave", a wonderful Ivan Reitman political confection is one of those rare movies we watch over and over again to get that warm fuzzy we all need from time to time. Kevin Kline shines as the President's sweet natured slightly goofy stand in after the The Chief Executive suffers a major stroke while boffing an aide. The rest of the supporting cast also turn in exceptional performances as does the film score music which frames the film beautifully. The relationships between Dave and the First Lady as well as Dave and the head Secret Service man at the White House are especially touching. I absolutely love this movie. You will too. 
I bought this DVD for my collection. I do not buy full screen format DVDs. Amazon described the DVD as "Anamorphic, Closed-captioned, Color, Dolby, Full Screen, Widescreen, NTSC" with an aspect ration of 2.35:1. However, when it arrived, it was Full Screen only with an aspect ratio of 1:33.1. Consequently, I returned it. My recommendation, if you only want Widescreen, don't believe the description that this DVD is dual-layered and don't buy it 
Spider-Man 2 is better than the original Spider-Man. I feel I should get that out of the way first, since most sequels have a tough time topping the first one. However, I feel Spider-Man 2 is only better in the sense that if the same production staff remade Spider-Man, it should naturally be better. That's what this sequel feels like, a literal remake with some spiced up elements here and there. It's a good film, but it's not really the way I thought a sequel should be. Effects are even better than the first, and the tentacles of Doc Ock make for some truly spectacular battles, including a centerpiece on a runaway train. Tobey Maguire continues to give an excellent portrayal of Peter Parker, and has good chemistry with Kirsten Dunst as Mary Jane. Alfred Molina has more to work with as Doc Ock than Dafoe did as the Goblin, and humanizes what was once a wacky villain. James Franco continues to develop Harry Osborn well, and the supporting cast like JK Simmons and Rosemary Harris fill out the high-caliber acting. But the script needs work. It uses one of the worst superhero cliches as the main plot, that of the hero calling it quits. It's never convincing, and the film drags as we wait for Peter to realize things we've known all along. Character relationships, though well-acted, don't seem to have progressed since the first movie. We're still treading the Peter/Mary Jane love triangle, just with a different third wheel. Harry still has his on/off friendship with Peter. There are nice plot twists that shake things up towards the end, but most of the film is wasted on the exact same angst from the first one. For a story supposedly set 3 years later, it might as well have been 3 days. We get a dvd with good extras and audio/video presentation. I enjoy Spider-Man 2 on its own, and it's nice to have it in my dvd library, but as a sequel it's not fresh enough for me. Hopefully next year's Spider-Man 3 will fix that. 
What can I say..."The Humbler"..kinda says it all...just watch him play. Looks easy ya say?? I've been playing now for 30 years...still wish I could play like that!! Very "down to Earth" video reveals quite alot of ideas and licks... ......Have fu 
The book of Acts is a book of power! Sadly, this is what is lacking in the DVD presentation. The minute I began watching I knew it was going to be a weak (acting) rendition of the story. Thankfully, it is word for word from the Bible, which is why I gave it two stars. Reading through the book of Acts one can almost feel the electricity of the Holy Spirit working in and through the lives of the Apostles and believers. All of that is lost in the DVD presentation. I would not recommend this DVD. Stick to the Book instead 
This DVD has wonderful workouts. I think the flexibility of 10 min. workouts to target certain areas is a fabulous idea. It keeps me motivated to keep going. The DVD doesn't work as it should - you should be able to pick 3 different workouts and it will play the ones you've picked in order, this doesn't work, so I just pick the ones I want to do, one at a time and then I'm able to workout the areas I want 
First off, I am a HUGE Pixar fan. In November in '95 I took my company to see Toy Story and within 6 months of that showing I got rid of most of the employees that didn't like the film. I've seen every Pixar film at least 5o times. Nuff said. Anyway, I liked the film Cars.. but not as much as other Pixar flicks.. Its still good.. However, the DVD is underwhelming: a) no commentary b) horrible deleted scenes c) not much in extras. The Route 66 mini-documentary is ok though.. This DVD is about as bad as the first release of A Bug's Life.. another skimpy release on DVD.. Finally, they didn't include a tribute to Joe Ranft.. That's a huge crime in itself. 
(1) Scarlett O'Hara is the least likable "heroine" I've ever seen. She has no redeeming qualities. (2) We're supposed to sympathize with the South and feel nostalgia for the good old days when white folks could own black folks? (3) This movie is way too long and dull. (4) I'm glad they burned Atlanta to the ground. (5) There was nothing honorable or respectable about the Old South and the plantation way of the life. The "gentlemen" were nothing but racists who thought they were aristocrats because blacks did all their work for them. (6) I'd rather watch "Mandingo" than this racist garbage any day of the week 
HOUSE OF STRANGERS is a cautionary film about the dangers of hatred being passed onto the next generation almost as if hatred were an old and unwelcome pair of shoes. Edward G.Robinson is Gino Moretti, a self-made banking magnate who built his fortune as a ruthless moneylender who chose not to observe the usual niceities about observing normal banking regulations concerning records and collateral. In his over the top performance as an Italian who might have been Vito Coreleone had the Don chosen to go straight, Robinson is a totally self-centered egomaniac who comes off more as a smug Biblical patriarch holding court over his captive family than he does the old-world banker who believes that his money gives him rights that transcend filial obligations. It is hard to like him as he rips into his four sons, insulting each of them in ways that undercut whatever sense of independence and goodness that otherwise might have been there. It is only Max (Richard Conte), who can see,if only belatedly, the vision of his father. And even Max learns that he must purge himself of the bitter dregs of poison and animosity that afflict his brothers. Max cannot do this alone; he requires the understanding first of Maria (Debra Paget) then later Helen (Susan Hayward), both of whom act as leavening agents that continually remind him of the goodness that each is sure lies within. Gino Moretti is truly a vicious inverted father figure in whose futile bleatings to his ungrateful sons,"Who do you think I built this bank for?" generates no pity in them but rather a sense of loss in us that he probably heard the same empty words from his father. The difference between the utter tragedy that this film was just a hairsbreath away from and the modest sense of optimism that it does end with is probably no more than what may, in similar real-life situations, have emerged. What goes around truly comes around, and HOUSE OF STRANGERS continually reminds us of the truism of that cliche 
YES! I agree with the other reviewers! This is the one VanDamm movie I LOVE and when I found it in my one used shop I was so extatic I never looked to see screen format! I never though that it would be Full Screen@!#!*!%!!!!! Ye Gods! it totally ruins that wonderful sceen in the kitchen of him doing the splits! Hey ya I'm a red-blooded female...and I can go OUCH at that scene too! that stunt hurts to do and man.....Whistle.....Looks very nice! The cropping really really ruins the impressive impact of that scene and I've not see the picture since it first came out it was really a Disappointment when I saw FULL SCREEN Come on UNIVERSAL!!! WE WANT WIDE SCREEN! FULL PICTURE!!!! this is a fantastic action picture and a crying shame to see it in full screen only!!!!! 
Dark atmospheric telling of the tale. Very decent! It is a simply told ancient tale. The scenery is gorgeous. There's a good atmosphere of the barbaric time. It's a good movie, a lot of twisted emotion right up to the end. The movie conjures up thoughts of Gerard Butler as Aragorn, and Ingvar Eggert Sigursson as Theodin in LOTR. 
Loved this movie when it first came out and loved it just as much the this time around. Two of my favorite actors depicting a story that love has no boundaries. Very funny and moving - yes, I'm a romantic! It's awesome! 
I waited years for this movie to be released in the United States. As far as I was concerned, it wasn't about the acting, as much as it was about the "feeling" the actors wanted to portray, in which they, profoundly, accomplished. I would recommend this movie to anyone who can reach that one step deeper into the minds of creativity and passion, and appreciate the struggles of rising above and beyond the pain of broken dreams 
I was optimistic for Greg Kinnear once. He was very funny ragging on Soap Soup. He usually plays the nice-guy second banana in film or a man dying of AIDS. Auto Focus gave him a chance to portray a 1960's TV icon, Hogan, in Hogan's Heroes. The replication of the original cast is a bit eerie. After all, these actors dress up as German prison guards. A chill goes down my spine, but Hogan's was a comedy, which made the series kind of a curiosity beyond the silly caricatures of those funny SS guys. Anyhow, Bob Crane played Hogan for six years and Kinnear badly imitated. Yes, I'm sorry to say, Kinnear is awful as Crane, which puts a damper on the bio-flick. Here's a disc jockey with semi-hip 60's patter on the air with an All American family, a loving wife and cute kids. They live like Ozzie and Harriet in the LA burbs, going to Catholic Church on Sunday. Crane lands his big break, falling for the trappings of fame. Most people fall for the trappings of fame. Read the supermarket check out magazine racks. So all of a sudden, Crane's garage porn collection isn't enough. Women, very beautiful, Hollywood loose-morals women find Crane and his buddy William Defoe irresistible. The birth of the video camera comes into play. The trouble with the script or maybe it's the cardboard way Kinnear acts, we watch, but in the end, we don't care. 
Or you out of your mind! I watched about 5 mins. and I'm speachless. That was the worse movie I ever started to watch and couldn't get to the controls fast enough to turn it off. Throw them away, please 
An excellent comedy, Kindergarten Cop, brings to the screen the story of a detective that goes undercover to find a key witness and track down a dangerous criminal. What complicates things is that it's Arnold Schwarzenegger and he goes undercover as a kindergarten teacher... The film combines comedy with action and adventure though it is primarily a comedy and a great one at that! Arnold Schwarzenegger, (!) and the rest of the cast, have truly outdone themselves with their performances, which are outstanding to say the least! All the actors, without exceptions, give it their 100% and it really shows (the chemistry is AMAZING)! Very well written and very well presented, it allows for a highly entertaining movie that can be watched over and over again! The setting, the plot, the dialogues, the humor, and the music are all wonderful! In short, Kindergarten Cop is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection (if you haven't done so already)! 
Roger Ebert, a review I greatly respect and normally agree with, raved about this flick. Roger, I love you, but you missed the boat on this one. I'm not going to review the plot because it's been done by several reviewers already. Suffice it to say, David Lynch didn't get enough of symbolism interpretation in freshman English ("Okay, class, who wants to discuss the meaning of the impaled pig's head on page 72 in Lord of the Flies? David, how about you?") and now want to inflict it on you, the unwitting movie watching public. Thanks, Mr. Lynch, but I'll pass. I didn't enjoy figuring out the obscure symbolism in page after page of Crime and Punishment and I didn't enjoy it in scene after scene of Mulholland Drive. To add insult to injury, Lynch prides himself on putting scenes in his movie that make absolutely no sense, rationalizing it by saying life often doesn't make sense. This habit of his is less noticible in this film than, say, Twin Peaks, mostly because the whole film is for the most part senseless. Yeah, it's true that a lot of things are absurd in my own life, but more along the lines of "...I would've won Powerball this week except I spent my lottery money on a scented candle at the RenFaire, what the heck was I thinking..." or "...I wasted 2 1/2 hours of my life watching this dumb movie, what the heck was I thinking..." but I've yet to be visited by scrawny cowboy or a wheelchaired dwarf. I must live a sheltered life or something. Lynch also forbids chapter cuts in his DVD, believing his movie must be watched in its entirety, or not at all (I'd advise the second.) To be fair, in this case I don't think he's motivated entirely by a exaggerated sense of importance, but rather by the knowledge that every male, if given the chance, would overshoot most of the movie and focus on the hot chick on chick action. C'mon all you 5 star givers, admit it! You find the movie pretentious and silly, but the topless scenes more than make up for all the drippy pseudo-art! To reiterate, if I wanted to see a boring and pointless dream sequence I'll rewatch Dallas - if I wanted to see a nice rack I'll take my top off and look in the mirror. Who needs Mulholland Drive 
The plot of the story was ruined by the immorality and language. This could have been a beautiful story if sexual immorality and profane language had been eliminated. It is possible to have something beautiful and clean where when you finish you feel that you have experienced something encouraging and uplifting. Dying Young and the plot of sickness and someone caring is beautiful. Falling in love is beautiful but it is degraded by stooping to immorality. I threw it in the trash as I would not share it with those that I love 
seems like there was a time in the 70s where mainstream filmmakers took their art and their audiences seriously. this gem about courtroom corruption is one of pacino's best movies and his final courtroom monologue is as good as any in film 
I AM PRETTY EASY TO PLEASE WHEN IT COMES TO MOVIES.LOW BUDGET,HIGH BUDGET,DOESN'T MATTER.THIS MOVIE IS ACTUALLY THE WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY 45 YEARS OF VIEWING.WAS TOTALLY NOT BELIEVABLE AND THE WRITING AND DIRECTING WAS SHABBY AT BEST.DON'T WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED BUCKS ON THIS LEMON!!!! 
Rather than give another general review as others have kindly done, my review focuses on one aspect of the film, indeed one character, that of Martha. Martha Dunstock is known throughout the film as Martha Dumptruck. Even the film credits include the nickname `Dumptruck' besides the character's surname (evidently feeling the need to labour the point). Portrayed as unattractive and pathetically grateful for any attention she is given, she unwittingly provides the Slater character with information enabling him to murder a student. Later, when the cult status of the `suicides' (that is, murdered students) becomes apparent, Martha attempts her own suicide by walking into the path of traffic. But her attempt is shown as a failure. At the end of the film Martha is bruised and now disabled, in an electric wheelchair. Ryder's character, having finished her voyage of self-realisation, rejects the school Prom night and instead invites Martha to stay in with a video and popcorn. Martha gratefully accepts and the closing scenes show Ryder walking along the corridor while Martha encircles her like a planet around the sun. The image of Martha in her wheelchair, an object of pity for Ryder and for the audience, signifies to us fears of being different, of not being beautiful, of not being loved and respected. Martha is the person we are all frightened of becoming. She is given no means of solving her predicament by the film maker. And though some of us in the audience may be fat, or disabled, or both, we may yet still fear Martha, and are invited to consider Ryder's protagonist's journey of self discovery as our own, even is in physical and social reality, we are more like Martha. For this reason, `Heathers' fails as an exploration of the `Hell' of High School ( a description often used by Buffy/Angel/ Firefly's Joss Whedon). Those in the audience NOT as thin and complying with Western standards of `beauty' as the protagonists (probably the majority of us) ultimately may find the so-called subversion of cruel hierarchy in this film just that little too shallow, leaving a bitter after-taste. The way `fat' people are portrayed in films such as these unfortunately often reflect the predictable, transparent and absurd fixations of the film makers. Sadly this is happening even today - in some ways it has gotten even worse since the Western World decided to wage a 'war on fat' (to quote Paul Campos) - and even at best it is lazy film-making. 
Okay I admit, they had a shoesrting budget and did most if not all the work on the weekends with the help of friends. Heres my problem, they could have at least paid more attention to the focus of the camera, most of the scenes were blurry, every now and again the focus was clear, I mean c'mon, when I was fourteen I made a short stop motion animation film using an old Bell and Howell super 8 cam and even then I paid attention to the focusing.Okay enough of that, now for the pros of the film. The make-up fx were good and there is one scene that will make most MEN wince, the outdoor and some indoor settings had a NOTLD feel. Overall I recomend at least checking it out and make up your own minds, at least you can say you saw it. Rent if you can, if not, buy used 
I had to contact Amazon five times about this item. I ordered it on 10-1 and it didn't ship for several weeks. Then when I check my account, the description had changed to UMD for PSP. You will not get the DVD if you order this. I eventually cancelled mine. Amazon is using the wrong cover art and the wrong disc specs for this title and doesn't seem too worried about correcting this. DO NOT ORDER 
I was seriously considering purchasing this movie, but luckily I saw it at blockbuster one night and decided to rent it before I made up my mind. I think it was the smartest move I've made in my entire life because this movie turned out to be, not only the worst lesbian movie, but probably one of the worst movies ever made! The reviews I've seen for this movie are way too generous I must say. Believe me when I say that I am not a strict critic...I can be easily entertained by the corny ones. But this one could not be salvaged, and one star is much more than it deserves. The fact that is in black and white can be overlooked, but the bad acting, and pseudo-artistic scenes reminded me of a film made in middle school. Unfortunately, my girlfriend and I were unable to get through the first 30 mins, so I am unable to rate this movie wholly. All I can say is please rent it at least 
I love bad movies, so when i saw there was a documentary out all about ranking the worst movies i thought i'd give it a try. Don't bother with this DVD. Its 60 minutes long. Now think about that fact. 50 movies, in 60 minutes. Some movies are barely shown for twenty seconds or they use a commercial that reveals little of whats bad in the movie. SO problem number one they don't show enough of the movies. Problem 2 is the bad designs of people booing and throwing popcorn at every movie they talk about. The voice over was also a bit on the annoying side but thats probably the fault of the people who made this. Its actually very ironic that this being about the worst films is actually a terrible film in itself. Another complaint i have is on what merrits on they ranking these films. FOr a few, it seemed they put their not cause they were the worst movies made but because they were box office flops. I'm not saying Ishtar or Howard the duck were good movies but they shouldn't be placed on a list of the worst. There are alot more terrible films, with acting thats unbelievably bad, mistakes galore, poor lighting, poor directing, poor writing,etc. These were just bad movies that were flops. I'm surprised they didn't throw Heaven's gate in here if they were doing flops. So i don't get the criteria they were using. A lot of really terrible movies were excluded too for some reason. Manos is sadly missing. Glen or Glenda is alot worse then Plan 9(despite plan 9 having the fame) yet plan 9 got a lower ranking. I guess the best thing i can say about this DVD is that they did get a list of some very bad movies. Robot Monster and Santa Claus Conquers the Martians are amongst the worst movies you'll ever see. According to the DVD, only Black Belt Jones is a movie so bad its funny but many (If not all) picked are so bad they are funny. I didn't like how they included the movie Troll only because the sequel Troll 2 was so much worse(For heaven's sake, Troll 2 didn't even have trolls in it. it had Goblins. Thats bad!). So, if you guys want to Watch a List of movies with barely any clips of the films that emphasize there baddness, this a film for you. those of you who don't, heres a breif list of some of their movies. Snow WHite and the 3 stooges Greetings The frozen Dead They saved Hitler's brain Black belt Jones TNT Jackson The thing with two heads Howard the Duck Billy the kid vs. Dracula Bela Legosi meets a brooklyn Gorilla Strange Creatures Bloodsucking freaks Leonard pt. 6 Attack of the crab monsters Robot Monster Santa Claus Conquers the martians Troll Trog Xanadu The Crippled Masters I married a Monster from outer space Teenage Zombie Ghost and the invisible Bikini Fat Spy Plan 9 from outer space Glen or Glenda Bride of the monster The mesa of Lost women Voodoo Woman Ishtar Frankenstein Conquers the world The Creeping Terror The great Alligator Hillbillys in a haunted House The incredible melting man Firebird 2015Ad Dracula Vs. Frankenstein Smokey and the Bandits Pt 3 The wild woman of Wongo The ape Galaxy of terror The RObot vs. The Aztec Mummy Snow WHite (German Version) Creature from the HAunted sea The swinging CHeerleaders Trial of billy Jack Killers from space Spider baby The 3 stooges in orbit The sorceress The crawling hand JD's Revenge Frankenstein meets the space monster Killer shrews Great white The thing with two heads Eegah! The incridebly Strange creatures who stopped living and became mixed up zombies. Certainly far from a definitive list of Worst movie 
Those of you who remember Ryan Starr from American Idol know why she quickly became "has been" material for VH1's the Surreal Life. Ryan Starr also happens to be the worst actress I have ever watched on film, television and or commercials. The director must have agreed with me becaue there are very few shots of Ryan that last more than 10 seconds at a time. Her dialogue is kept short and simple, and when she does have more than 3 lines at once, the complete lack of feeling, expression emotion in her voice makes you consider turning off the movie and doing something worthwhile, like cleaning out the fridge or picking at your hang-nails. That is all I can say, I would really like to put this movie behind me and never speak of it again 
Witch Hunter Robin is a great series which I enjoyed immensely but fails at delivering some of its finer qualities throughout the course of the series. The visuals are first rate, the music (when there is music) is beautiful, and the storyline is intriguing. Silence and extended stares cloak the characters in mystery... so what's the problem? That same cloak covers the series in what could potentially be a series of yawns. One of the major problems with Witch Hunter Robin is the pace. Many serious animes either take themselves too seriously or not seriously enough... WHR takes itself much too seriously. Surely the story and visuals are worth it but for some reason there are long, tiring sequences during the course of the series which are supposed to be "meaningful." They are I suppose in retrospect (one will notice this once they watch the final episodes of WHR), but the events in the series do not warrant such extended periods of self reflection on the part of the main character(s). The psychological and philosophical themes present are obvious toward the end of the series, and where they are not, the intelligent viewer can pretty much guess at them. I realize that this exhausted review of WHR seems to only be about the tiresome pace at which the series progresses, but it's an important factor as it leaves many to simply drop the series half way before ever seeing the later episodes (the best episodes in my opinion). A second problem is also the fact that there are a number of "witch capturing" which take place during the series that seem... well, silly. The beginning of the series is all about these capturing - surely after seeing the last couple of episodes the viewer begins to understand how this ties into rounding out the characters but during the course of the series this might just bore you to tears especially if a number of episodes feature witch/enemies that simply don't interest you (which they may not, the creativity and design behind many of them is poor to say the least). In the end the series is about the characters, story, and visuals not the enemies which frequently populated much of the series - if you find yourself hooked on the main characters and their back-stories when they are introduced in the beginning of the series then you might like the whole thing. Lastly as for reviewers that were expecting something "scary," most of the shows on Adult Swim are for adults and the anime shows featured on Adult Swim are geared toward those typically interested in other things beside quick thrills (needless to say those watching the series probably aren't into it because the name of the series is "Witch Hunter," they are instead - hopefully - looking for a high quality, cohesive action/drama anime). This is not for individuals wanting to watch an action anime however... it's more of a beautiful drama. Younger anime viewers are not bound to like this one at all!!! I'd give it a try first renting it before you go out and spend money on it! 
GROWING UP, I ABSOLUTELY LOVED THE TURTLES BUT THIS DVD STINKS. THE ONLY PLUS IS THAT I CAN HAVE THE ORIGINAL EPISODES IN CONVENIENT DVD FORM RATHER THAN TRACK DOWN A BUNCH OF OLD VHS TAPES. THIS DVD IS NO DIFFERENT FROM THE SEASON ONE AND SEASON THREE DVD'S. THEY ALL HAVE SPELLING ERRORS AND TITLE ERRORS AND EACH ONE SEEMS TO HAVE BEEN PRODUCE IN A HALF-A$$ FASHION JUST TO CAPITALIZE ON THE NEW TURTLE'S SUCESS. WHICH BY THE WAY THE NEW TURTLES ARE MUCH BETTER THAN THE OLD ONES. ON THE SEASON THREE DVD THE PACKAGE REFERS TO "BEBOP" AS BEBOB, NICE EDITING JOB. I GUESS IT WAS TO HARD TO GET THAT ONE RIGHT. ALSO ALL THREE OF THE DVD'S ARE BARE BONES WITH NO SPECIAL FEATURES. THE PRICE DOES HOWEVER REFLECT THE CRAPPY JOB THE STUDIO DID ON THIS MOST OF THESE DVD'S CAN BE PURCHASED FOR AROUND 10 BUCKS. I JUST WISH THAT PETER LAIRD HAD THE RIGHTS TO THE OLD SHOW SO THAT IT COULD HAVE BEEN DONE SOME JUSTICE ON DVD 
Wow - hard to put into words how bad this was...... We kept waiting for the funny - it never came - we didn't even watch the end.... when they started turning Julia Roberts (Tess) into the "real" Julia Roberts - well - we were done....... note funny - no......... 
A must-have for all Kate Rusby fans. This beautifully-produced concert video is a pure winner, showcasing Rusby and her band at their best, before an adoring, appreciative English audience. Several things are worth pointing out: first, what a delight to see how friendly and down-to-earth she is, and what a fine performer. Authoritative, yet not stuffy or standoffish in any way, she presents these old trad ballads in a way that makes them seem like the most immediate and compelling of contemporary art... And, of course, the music is simply stunning -- the band plays sweet, but keeps things simple; it's warm and modern without muddling down in crossover pretensions, it's just simply lovely, lovely acoustic music. Finally, there's the experience of seeing Rusby sing: is it possible such a perfect sound is coming out of that everyday-looking lass before you? Guess so. Now I'll have to redouble my efforts to see her when she plays live at a venue near me... I know it'll be a night to remember 
"In Good Company" goes on and on at the end a little bit, and the ending especially is not fulfilling character/plot-wise. If it had ended 15-20 minutes before it actually did, I would give it three stars instead of two. I admit there were quite a few times when I laughed a bit to myself, but it didn't make me fall off the couch or anything. There were other times when I thought the actions of some characters were weird or forced. Overall it isn't an entirely bad movie, but, like I said, the ending is unfulfilling. Overall not strong performances coming from Scarlett Johansson or Topher Grace 
The direction of this film is excellent. I love all the characters and the way they interact. The storyline is very important also. It's about religious beliefs and neighbors that interact with each other. It's a well-paced and interesting story that's not like anything else I've ever seen. 
I loved this movie. It was very touching and projected a wonderful image. It was a rare find 
Geez, maybe I have a heart of stone. I wasn't a bit moved by the overrated Streep and handsome Clint. It's a story about two hearts linked as one - a sacrifice by a beautiful woman for the greater good - a touching story of common adultery committed by two randy, bored adults. Yawwwwn. Streep can do any accent on the planet, and sprinkle it with more affected mannerisms than Marcel Marceau. That doesn't make her an actress - just a clever chameleon. I'd rather watch Julia Roberts play herself over and over and over than see Streep play "pretend" roles. There, I've said it. Now goodnight. 
A French coming-of-age art film that I rented while on vacation. Despite rave reviews all over the packaging, this story of two moody teenage girls growing apart as sexuality enters their lives seemed pretty slow and predictable, even a bit tedious. Jet lag set in and we gave up two-thirds of the way through the film, and took it back the next day. In all fairness, this is probably a fine film if you're in the mood for Serious Art, but I found it a bit dreary 
I was a huge fan of the books growing up, and a lover of the period and Jannette Oke's books. I had greatly enjoyed the first movie and was eagerly looking forward to watching the next in the series. Well, I just finished -- and could hardly stop from yawning while I watched! The movie started out well enough. Wonderful filming, great costuming, glorious rolling hills and large trees transport you back in time. No, the faults definitely do not lie with the production of the movie. The scriptwriting and acting seemed to have gone down a notch. I remembered the tomboyish Missie from the last film and couldn't wait to see her older. The actress portraying the older Missie just did not do her justice! While she was pretty, she read most of her lines flat, with little emotion. The worst was the very ending, which was supposed to have been a heart-breaking moment between father and daughter, instead fell completely flat. In fact, most of the scenes with Missie had me checking to see how much time the movie had left. I think there were several attempts to portray Missie as spirited (like her chasing the chicken in the restaurant), but to me they just felt out of place from the new placid Missie we were continually seeing. Apart from that, the rest of the cast was average, with a few star moments here and there. I can't remember the book very well to check for accuracy, but the story was so-so as well -- melodrama only reared its head in a few places. Only if you want to keep up-to-date with the series, I would recommend this. Otherwise, I'm glad they replaced Missie's actress for the next film. Perhaps we'll get to see a more energetic performance. 
(It is really random the selection they used as you hardly have a great cage match in every choice and for the millionth time that WWE lies to us, Snuka-Backlund was NOT 1980! It was June 28, 1982! The date they claim from 1980 was Backlund-Patera in a Texas Death Match. A company with that much money has no excuse for such a continous screw up! Snuka was not working for Vince Sr in 1980, he was in the NWA feuding with Ric Flair as part of Gene Anderson's stable!) Disc 1 Chapters: * Bob Backlund vs. Pat Patterson * Bruno Sammartino and Larry Zbyszko feud * Bob Backlund vs. Jimmy Snuka * Don Muraco vs. Jimmy Snuka * Tully Blanchard vs. Magnum TA * Hulk Hogan vs. Paul Orndorff * Ric Flair vs. Ronnie Garvin * Bret Hart vs. Owen Hart * Isaac Yankem vs. Bret Hart * Triple H vs. Mankind * Triple H vs. The Rock * Steve Austin vs. Vince McMahon * WWF World tag team champions Edge Christian vs. Hardy Boyz * Kurt Angle vs. Chris Benoit * Edge vs. Kurt Angle DVD Extras: * WWF World champion Bob Backlund vs. Pat Patterson (clipped, 12:55 aired, 9/24/79) * Bruno Sammartino vs. Ivan Koloff (9:02, 12/15/75) * WWF Intercontinental champion Don Muraco vs. Jimmy Snuka (6:40, 10/17/83) * WWF World champion Bob Backlund vs. Stan Hansen (8:44, 4/6/81) Disc 2 Over 3.5 hours of bonus material! * NWA U.S. champion Tully Blanchard vs. Magnum TA in an "I Quit" cage match (Magnum wins title, from Starrcade, 14:41, 11/28/85) ***** * NWA World champion Ric Flair vs. Dusty Rhodes (Rhodes wins title,from Great American Bash, 21:01, 7/26/86) * NWA World tag team champions the Rock 'n' Roll Express vs. Ole Arn Anderson (from Starrcade, 11:23, 11/27/86) * WWF World champion Bret Hart vs. Owen Hart (from SummerSlam, 32:17, 8/29/94) ***** * Triple H vs. Mankind (from SummerSlam, 16:25, 8/3/97) * WWF Intercontinental champion Shawn Michaels vs. Marty Jannetty (13:12, 1993) * Edge vs. Kurt Angle (from Smackdown, 14:41, 5/30/02) ****1/4 Easter Eggs (hidden features): * Disc 1: Ending of the Ronnie Garvin NWA World title win over Ric Flair. Access it by going to the Chapters menu, scrolling down to the Flair vs. Garvin match, click right twice. You will see the final 3 minutes of Garvin's win. (9/25/87) * Disc 2: See a special interview by Owen Hart prior to his match with Bret Hart. The interview takes place in an empty arena in anempty cage.Access it by going to the Extras menu, scrolling down to the Hart vs. Hart match, click right twice. Information: * Encoding: Region 1 (U.S. and Canada) * Playstation 2 Compatibl 
Sometimes, when you're in an overly silly mood, only one thing will do: Pauly Shore. That's why I love Bio-Dome. It's just silly all over. The concept is utterly ridiculous...2 stoner community college kids mistake an enclosed environment, the bio-dome, for a mall and get trapped inside for a year. If you enjoy Pauly Shore in all his silly glory, you'll have a lot of fun with Bio-Dome. Don't take it too seriously...just watch and laugh. For those who enjoyed Encino Man and Son-in-Law, Bio-Dome will do the trick. An amusing way to spend an hour and a half. 
Season 5 is one of the best of all! Archie and mike are still doing what they do best....arguing about anything and everything. The best part of the whole season is when Archie finds out that the meathead has bought the Jedderson's old house next door...Arch's expression is PRICELESS!!! I'f you buy this set u won't be sorr 
I am a very avid "Star Trek" fan, and find the DVD's very worthwhile and interesting. ( My Star Trek interests go back to the original series with William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, James Doohan, et. al. 
I'm mildly into anime, I only watch the stuff that I really enjoy. This is the only series that has really drawn me in. Usually it's just movies for me but Wolf's Rain is amazing. I can't wait for Volume II to be released on Tuesday! It contains the final episodes (19-30). 
what can I say, on a scale of 1 thru 10 this movie goes to 11! 
First off, let me say that this is a great collection of really bad sci-fi movies. The selection spans several sub-genres of the classic sci-fi age. You've got Gamera movies, Hercules movies, outer space movies. The whole gamut. Unfortunately, the sound is very bad and the movies are not closed captioned. As an individual with a hearing problem, the soundtrack was almost indecipherable due to the constant hum that permeates most of the transfers. The video is also problematic, but no where near as bad as the sound 
This has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The only thing that stopped me from demanding my money back at the end was the fact that I saw it in a free sneak preview. By the end of movie you don't like any of the characters and you don't care what happens to them, even the ones that started out sympathetic and likable. The third time Jack Nicholson's character gets beaten with his own golf clubs you're torn between wishing they'd just kill him already and wishing they'd kill you instead so you don't have to sit through anymore of this crap. Save your time and your money, turn around and walk away from this one. I wish I had 
I've been a fan of the Who since I recieved my copy of Tommy on vinyl in 1970 for Christmas. I resisted buying this DVD set for a long time because of the price and knowing that if it was a current release that Townshend would be playing an accoustic guitar while someone backstage would be playing what he should be (he started doing this due to hearing loss years ago). The Who hasnt been the same since. Watching the Tommy performance will make you seasick its so out of sync. It just goes to show that some publishers and performers will let anything out the door to make another buck. I had just moved to Las Vegas when Entwhistle died there of a cocaine overdose, it was somehow prophetic in a way, I didnt have tickets for their show that week but I thought with his death it wouldnt have happened anyway. Surprisingly it did, (its all about $$$$$). If you've never seen this band in its heyday go get a copy of their Live at the Isle of Wight festival show or Woodstock for a second choice and see what this band was really like. And shame on the people who let this recording hit the shelves, I hope they choke on the money. 
This is probably one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. Those who don't think it's funny are those who are easily offended. If you are easily offended or politically correct you probably won't enjoy this film. Having said that, if you like vampires you won't necessarily dislike this film. I completely disagree with the reviewer who said "If you like vampires, you will not like this movie." That's crap. I love vampires/vampire movies and I loved this movie. Believe it or not, not all vampire fans are two-dimensional, some of us are actually well rounded. The person who compared it to Polanski's "Repulsion" needs to get away from the bong. While both deal with mental insanity, the same can be said about a lot of films. "Repulsion" was just disturbing and weird, and not overly entertaining. (Polanski's work is highly overrated and pretentious. We watch films to be entertained, not to have whatever it is Polanski tries to pull.) Having said all this, this is definitely not a film for everyone. It was way ahead of it's time when it was made. Had it been made now, there would likely be a huge cult following behind it...but then again, maybe not. As liberal as most like to imagine themselves, we still live in a country of highly uptight people, easily offended, and unable to laugh at the things we fear or find disturbing. If you've got a sick sense of humor, add this to your video library, because if you aren't going to be able to laugh at it, you aren't going to enjoy it. 
PLEASE do NOT waste your time or money on this much-hyped piece of trash. Not only is Harvey Walden unconvincing in his role as drill sargeant, he lacks passion as is evident by the body language and expressions of the exercisers in the video. Unlike other excercise gurus, he does not exercise WITH you, instead he stands on the sidelines and barks out commands. The production quality is very low budget. It looks like it was shot using a camcorder. The set is bland and melancholy, and THERE IS NO MUSIC! All you hear is the loud marching of the feet of the exercisers, who display NO enthusiasm at all. And, I for one, can't blame them. I only hope they got paid for what must have been an extremely painful project for them. I was never more bored in my life. Walden's cuing is off, and furthermore, it is difficult to follow an excercise instructor who does not do the moves with you. That's just crazy. What was he thinking? I have no words to describe how awful this video is. I wish I could give it 0 stars. Don't waste your money. PLEASE!!!! The other reviewers must be new to exercise because I can't understand how they couldn't see that this video lacks what an experienced exerciser would expect. If you want a high-powered, energizing, effective calorie burning workout you will not like this video at all. You will be sorely disappointed for sure. Instead try Kathy Smith's Peak Fat Burning or any one of her step workouts 
i actually saw this movie when i was 7 and it freaked me out abit, but i mean the brother was basically a blob with a face and the story was as bad as the acting. The ending was garbage and it had nothing to offer in todays world.Dont even rent this, i dont even know why you are considering the film. I only give it a 2 star rating because t managed to scare a seven year old and i havent forgot how dumb the film was since. 
Wow this a great series. Have to strongly recommend it.... yep.. Has the feel of Sienfeld with over the top humor. Clever, awkward, somewhat vulgar. Excellent. 
This movie was a weak effort by Capra, who directed it, and the star, Gary Cooper. It's a good story, just poorly directed (Capra can't hit a home run every time). I found the acting very wooden and the movie seemed to just drag on and on. And no extra features on the dvd, at least none to speak of 
I love this series and plan to buy more. It is well done. The signs are separated so one can watch just one in a sitting, or watch the whole dvd. The word is first shown, then a mom shows the sign, then kids demonstrate (including some use of the actual object, if appropriate). My child and I have both picked up signs quickly from this DVD 
This volume gets right to the heart of the plot, and raises important questions. Who really is Gohda? Where is the next refugee threat coming from? Who tried to kill the Prime Minster, and what roll does he play in the Individual Eleven? Is there a terrorist virus causing another stand alone complex? Can Togusa finds his way clear of criminal charges? Also, we all know The Major, but what of her past? Disc: 4 episodes in Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound (English and Japanese) Episodes: 1. Ambivalence 2. Trial 3. Affection 4. Selecon Upcoming Releases: Ghost in the Shell: SAC Official Log 1 - scheduled release date 10/25/05 Ghost in the Shell: SAC 2nd GIG Vol. 3 - scheduled release date 1/26/06 NOTE - If you see any anime items for sale that seem to cheap, they are BOOTLEGS. DO NOT BUY! 
I saw this in the theatre and tried to fall asleep becuase it was so dull. True story 
Absolute Dog Poop - with corn. So there is this joke that all the comedians know about, and there are a million ways to tell it, and they get really raunchy. There, that's the movie. I saved you two hours. Oh but there's a kicker, the joke isn't funny and everyone knows it. Yet, of course, some of the comedians tell it like it's the funniest thing in the world - Sarah Silverman, Gilbert Godfried, Bob Sagat, and South Park are definite highlights. And I love Sarah Silverman. However, the awful cinematography, horrific editing, and terrible production value of this film make impossible for me to fathom why people didn't burn down the theaters when they realized this film wasn't getting any better. I would have at least demanded a refund, and $100/hr billed in 15 minute increments. I think Sarah Silverman saved the day again 
That special team is gone, those players have mostly moved on, but "we'll always have 2004". Great way to relive the fun, the hope and the victories. For every diehard fan. 
Making it no reason to even consider getting this filler filled P.O.S 
I really liked this movie and think is too underrated. It has a great story line and plot. Although Katie Holmes has a small part it is a good one. I really enjoyed this one. HAs quite a few twists as well 
Beware the reviews that say this is an underrated classic and masterpiece and all that. Was real disappointed by 9th Gate. This film is tepid, there is none of the satanic intensity/ambiance that you find in 'Rosemary's Baby' It's too Hollywood, surprisingly, considering the maverick presence of Depp/Polanski. Film opens well, with a suicide and Depp's opportunistic character who seems to straddle the moral fence, but it never creates the proper mood or atmosphere. Exorcist 3, which I was equally disappointed in, at least was more satanic. I won't spoil anything for those who do want to see it, but the showdown scene between Depp and those he is purusing is awkward and poorly directed. Emmanuelle Seigner comes across more like a hippy chick than a Demona. And the 'showdown with the devil' is a letdown to say the least. This film could have been great but Polanski dropped the ball, considering he was the producer/director/co-screenwriter, and the film fails in all three areas. It's not horrible, so I give it 2 stars. But don't buy this film, rent it only. Buy Angel Heart instead 
I bought this at (yep, you guessed it) the grocery store, which was a very clever marketing concept on Martha's part. There was only one DVD left. It contained Classic recipes for chicken, beef, fish, vegetarian and other main dishes. If you think you ALREADY know how to make classic, everyday dishes such as meatloaf, think again - because Martha's variations may put a whole new twist on your usual standards. Her use of fresh herbs truly does make a difference and the glaze on her meatloaf was one I hadn't tried before. My family loved it. There is also a section with Bloopers (yes, Martha's mistakes or mishaps while filming a scene - slips, falls, etc). There are 12 different cupcake variations and an extra section on kitchen tips (I learned plenty of new things from this section). I have to admit that I looked at the Bloopers section first, intrigued by the idea of actually seeing Martha make mistakes.. and I only wish there were more of those. They were funny, especially the one showing Martha pulling an X-rated carrot from her garden. You'll have to buy the DVD to see the rest. It is a very short section, however. Then I watched the DVD from start to finish and marveled at the quality of the production, as well as HOW MUCH information was packed into this DVD. From start to finish, each recipe was demonstrated clearly. I intend to use this one with my youngest child because it is a perfect introduction to some classic recipes, from roast chicken to meatloaf. They may not be made the way you are used to making them but in one case that was an advantage...the meatloaf recipe was far better than my standard version and the glaze was delicious (do be aware of your oven's peculiarities, however, and cover the top to keep the glaze from burning; uncover just long enough to brown). It would be best, of course, to use an oven thermometer and know your oven's actual temperature since 350 in one oven may not be 350 in another - those dials may be inaccurate. But don't make the mistake of thinking this is only for beginning cooks (although it'd be a perfect housewarming gift for the college graduate who is just setting up house). There are plenty of new recipes, especially a squash casserole which I am dying to try on my vegetarian friends, after having tested it on my family and getting rave reviews. In fact, one of the nicest sections of this DVD was the Vegetarian one. Each of those recipes looked delicious. Martha's mother is featured in some of the segments and that was a pleasant surprise. She and Martha chat as they cook and the whole atmosphere is nice and casual. No matter what you may think of Martha Stewart, this DVD is a top-notch, quality production with tons of useful info. The DVD can also be inserted in a computer to get a list of menus and other features. 
I was very inspired by the interview with Michale Flately. My family enjoyed the shows on the DVD as well. It was definately worth buying 
When I saw this I though why not, it doesn't look overly violent. Boy am I glad I tried it. While there are the usual fight scenes the overriding theme is a wonderful sense of humor. As a night owl, I adore the morning scenes using different, highly original, method to awaken the heroine. A real keeper and I just wish it was a long series 
When the lead character acts like she's sleepwalking through the entire film, that's distracting! When just about anyone from my high school's drama class could do a much better job while brushing their teeth, then it's time to open up the wallet, and hire better talent. Once you get past the special affects, all which use cheesy models, this godforsaken movie is boring as sin, or, should I say mud! Beside being preposterous, for example, the meteroid, or whatever, ONLY hits a dam in its first strike, this pitiful film is also delusional! Remember the scene where the head of FEMA risks his life to save someone who is obviously in danger of being wiped out by fire. As Hurricane Katrinia proves, there is no such thing as a bureaucratic, administrator hero! Instead, this movie comes off as a piece of not-so-subtle Federal government propaganda not worthy of a moment of your time 
As I understand it, "Police Squad" was one of the most requested titles for release on DVD. It's taken a while for it to happen, but it finally has! It's great to be able to replace my VHS tape that I recorded the shows on almost 20 years ago during a "Police Squad" marathon. Having now watched the DVD, I now know that for almost 20 years, I've been watching heavily edited versions of the show. But not anymore! Other reviewers have described the episodes, so I won't waste time doing that. Suffice it to say, the show was ahead of its time as it really didn't become popular until it was made into the first Naked Gun movie 6 years later (and had two subsequent hit sequels). But I was one of the few who knew in 1982 that it was a clsassic. I always wondered why the show never worked on TV, but Leslie Nielsen probably explains it best in his interview that is included on the DVD. He says that you actually had to pay attention and most TV is meant to be watched almost passively while doing something else. And I think he's right. So it's great to have these shows. The extras are just so-so as the interview with Nielsen is too short and I don't think the commentaries give much to the episodes (especially the one commented on by Robert Wuhl of "Arliss" fame, who was a writer for the show). Wuhl must say a dozen times "I don't remember this." Might have helped, Bob, if you took 25 minutes to watch it before watching it for the commentary. But I won't trim the rating. It's the shows I wanted and have now received 
A Clay Aiken Christmas was very good! Clay's singing was spectacular (as it always is), and his guests singing was wonderful! This was a very well put together dvd, and it was fun and exciting to watch! 
This was a blast from the past for my husband and I. We purchased this for our 6 and 7 year olds and they really like it. It fits right where they are in school, and they laugh while they are learning. Often when we are doing homework, I'll say "That's what they said on the Electric Company" or "Remember what the Electric Company said this letters sound like?" And they do. It's been a joy to see something from my childhood work for them. It's great to play in the morning while they are getting ready for school. -- Plus I have to admit, seeing Morgan Freeman and Bill Cosby in this is quite hilarious (mistakes and all! 
Old Boy is the second film in the Revenge Trilogy by Park. The first is Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance and the final being Sympathy for Lady Vengeance. After being imprisoned for 15 years, Ho Dae-su (whose name means "getting along with everybody") is released and finds he only has 5 days to find his captor and seek his revenge. Once the captor is found, Dae-su will learn about a past he conveniently forgot and find he is in for an even bigger surprise during the final confrontation. The film is mesmerizing, hypnotic, and well edited with flashbacks and jump cuts. Park makes an elevator ride feel like a roller coaster. There is a notable fight sequence referred to as the "one-take corrider scene" where Dae-su takes several men in mostly hand-to-hand and hammer-to-head combat. This is a powerful film. It is a meditation on our addiction to TV, the bloody thirst for revenge, and the tomfoolery your mind resorts to when it is forced to relive your memories. The film will make you question the importance of forgetting, forgiving, and the satisfaction, or lack there of, in seeking revenge. The movie has an incredible build leading up to the finale. The end scene is full of twists. You will be amazed and you watch the truth slowly unravel. You learn that one memory is not as it appears and that another more important memory holding the key to the puzzle was completely forgotten. You will learn that getting the revenge is not the most important thing, but instead be able to live with yourself is. You will find that neither man will be able to do so, which leads to an explosive ending. There is also a bizarre, if not disgusting, love story at the center of this. Favorite Quote: Too many good ones to mention. It is a tie between "Be it a grain of sand or a rock - They both sink" and "Revenge is good for your health, but Pain will find you again." DVD Extras: Commentary, Multiple Deleted Scenes, Interview with director, Still Gallery, and Trailers from Tartan Asia Extreme. Bottom Line: You will be entranced while following the plot and pleasantly shocked the surprise ending. I will be seeking out Park's other work as well and I suggest you do the same. Rating: 8.5/10 Molly Celaschi [..]MySpace.com/HorrorYearboo 
Kelly Preston and Tcheky Karyo are a New York City couple who come together after Preston leaves Matthew Broderick and Karyo uses Meg Ryan in order to get a Visa. Now Broderick and Ryan are teaming up to get even with their ex's. The problem is, the offenses they've endured (being dumped and being used) don't really warrant the horrible things they do to these two people, especially Karyo. Which is probably why first-time director Griffin Dunne used two such amiable stars in the feature roles. After all, how can we not root for Ferris Bueller and Harry's Sally? Unfortunately, it ends up being pretty easy not to root for them when their revenge is so excessive, the pace of the film is so uneven, and the script isn't particularly funny. There's a difference between black comedy and just mean-spirited comedy. Despite a handful of amusing moments and a few nice cinematic touches, this film does not walk that line very well 
Sure, this movie is a classic. But is it any good? Frankly, I found it to be tedious in the extreme. It's certainly pleasant to look at. The sets are quite amazing, and the cinematography is absolutely beautiful. The story (as described in detail in many other reviews here) has potential as both a thriller and a thought-provoking essay (ultimately it is neither). The acting is top notch, as are all of the special effects. Those of us who cut our teeth using teletype machines always get a kick out of seeing them in all their anachronistic glory. In fact, all of the computer stuff is believable for the era and pleasantly nostalgic. But the whole thing never rises to its premise. Its "thriller" aspect is artificial and not tied to the central plot line, and entirely predictable from the moment our friend is handed THE ONLY KEY THAT CAN STOP THE NUKE! The resolution is an afterthought (a quick fix in the extreme), and barely even mentioned in about two lines of dialogue after the artificial danger is (narrowly, whew!) averted. The characters are thin at best, and stock at worst. This movie is really a slow survey of what people in the early 70s thought technology would be like in the mid 70s. Yawn. (I must laugh at the whole bell/paper bit. It means nothing to the plot, and is the ultimate contrivance.) If a deadly virus actually came back from space, there would certainly be action on many fronts, with plenty of interesting conflict to go around. Some people would try to understand it, others would want only to kill it. There's some potentially interesting tension right there. Some people would argue to keep the danger hidden from the public, others would want to warn them. Again, that could have been a good source of tension. Someone would surely have suspected that the military wanted to harness it as a biological weapon (mentioned in passing, but never developed), while others would try very hard to prevent that. More tension. I'm just saying that this movie is littered with missed opportunities for something more than the collection of boring experiments and pointlessly slow-moving scenes which it actually contains. This movie is the poster child for boring science fiction, and it would not have had to be that way. I haven't read the book, but I bet it's a lot better. At its core, this movie is a boring dud. 
I never bought the VHS tape, but when I was notified this would be coming out on DVD, I ordered it. While I'm not an amateur, I am a professional, Eric is a guitarist's guitarist. Anyone who thinks he don't need learnin' is a fool and only famous in his own little world, small as it may be. I'm not that arrogant. As Danny Gatton was known as the Humbler, Eric Johnson could rightly be called the Inspiration. What he does is not so much difficult as it is the epitome of finesse and transparency of technique. After viewing this, you will understand what I mean. I already know much of what Eric teaches in this session, for that is what it is, a private session (much like you might get at GIT), with a master at the top of his craft. But there is always something to learn even after repeated viewings. I even scanned in the booklet that comes with this so I can break the lessons down and blow up the individual charts for more easy reading. If you are serious about improving as a player, and if you're looking to be a real professional, you need to get this, if only to see what true professionalism looks and sounds like. The lessons are clear and focused. And with the booklet and the new ability to slow down the examples, you really can learn to play these things. But don't expect to sound like Eric (just as those who tried to, but could never sound like Jimi Hendrix). You are different and so will always sound different, and that's a plus. But the techniques and all that are included here are part of a "must learn" program you need to create and follow if you want to at least make a good living playing music. Learn from a master of melody and technique, where technique doesn't get in the way of the melody, but lives in service to the song -- the way it should be. I teach, too. And I recommend to any student who wants to grow that they should get this DVD. If you get no other, this would serve whatever style you choose to pursue, ultimately, because there is so much here that can be applied to virtually any style, whether it is Jazz, Country, Blues, Rock or even acoustic (which I wish he would have included a segment on that, my only kvetch) 
The movie itself is just as good i remembered it. But the Criterion Collection DVD package, however, is so totally not worth the $40 plus postage i paid for it. I've gotten so much more bang for my buck with other "special edition"-type DVDs. i found the interviews and "extra" stuff dull. I want my money back 
This was probably the worst Royal Rumble in history. It featured three very bad matches, one decent one, a lousy Royal Rumble and an absolutely amazing match. Brock Lesnar vs. Big Show, Royal Rumble Qualifier This match was absolutely awful. The Big Show is a decent wrestler, but Brock Lesnar is absolutely terrible. A predictable ending made this match all the worse. This match is like watching a tumble weed. The Dudley Boys (C) vs. William Regal and Lance Storm This was a fairly decent match. Regal and Storm are very good wrestlers and in the tag team forum, the Dudleys can hold their own. Its sad though that this was the second best match on the card. Nice surprise ending though. Torrie Wilson vs. Dawn Marie If you take out the fact that Torrie Wilson and Dawn Marie are very nice to look at, this match is worthless. Unless you are really bored dont even bother watching this. Triple H (C) vs. Scott Steiner Triple H did all he could to save this one, but Steiner really cant wrestle anymore. I remember back in the early 90s where Scott Steiner was one of the best wrestlers in the game. Now he can hardly even move. This match really isnt worth seeing, yet its still better than some of the other matches on the card. Kurt Angle (C) vs. Chris Benoit There is no way to fairly describe this match. It was outstanding, phenomenal, amazing, incredible, brilliant. These two guys know how to wrestle and they put on a clinic. This match is easily one of the greatest wrestling matches of all time, and shows that you dont need steroids and steel chairs to put on an amazing match. Angle and Benoit are the two best wrestlers in the business and this match is proof. 2003 Royal Rumble Match This match was decent alright. There werent any really good spots. It was fairly boring all the way through, and highly predictable. It got a little interesting when the final five were in, Rob Van Dam, Kane, Undertaker, Batista and Lesnar. Unfortunately, Lesnar is an awful wrestler and he looked pathetic out there with other talented wrestlers. A guy like Brock should never be in the Royal Rumble. It's sad when the worst wrestler by far in the match wins. Its sad that an event with one of the greatest matches of all time gets only a 2 out of 5 rating, but theres nothing much to watch here other than Benoit/Angle. As I said, the Rumble was poor, the undercard was weak, and several of the matches were downright awful. The Benoit DVD has the Angle/Benoit match. Buy that. This isnt worth your money 
This is my number one most overrated movie of all time. We saw it at a pretensious artsy theater, along with an assortment of ex-hippies and wooly haired intellectuals. They all cheered, of course, when the young girl beats the boys at finding the prize in the water, then becomes the chief. The truth is that every single scene is utterly predictable, given the politically correct theme. The truth is that old people are not bad just because they love their culture. The truth is that tradition is not inherently evil. The truth is that girls are no better or worse than boys. Basically, if you hate men, this is the flick for you. But it is not good. It is not creative. There are no surprises. There is just nothing there. As I edit this, it's no surprise to find so few people liked this review. There are still plenty of hippies and politically correct so-and-so's out there 
I've heard it said that if you haven't read the book you'd be lost in this movie. I read the book and it was still a bit confusing! I like this version of the film with all the extra footage. Such a fantastic looking picture this was. I saw this in the theater when it came out. I remember a bit of controversy regarding the billing. Sting was touted as starring in this film, when in reality he had a supporting role. Shame on the movie execs who tried to capitalize off of his name and the then massive popularity of his band, The Police. It was nothing more than a ploy to get his fans into the theater. Having said that, Sting is actually pretty good in this film. He sneers, he wise cracks, he fights, and he looks pretty in his futuristic speedo. Of course, he gets killed in the end. Oh well 
Ahh remincing about the old days of youth. This DVD is great for the young and the old w/ comedy that surpasses all generation. Its a great gift 
Date Movie is from two of the six writers of Scary Movie, apparently they chose the two worst because the movie fails to generate laughter. A few chuckles here and there but that's all. Date Movie is a spoof of romantic comedies. Simply that idea sounds good right? The writers had alot to work with, but they failed miserably. Alyson Hannigan plays the main character, Julia Jones. Personally, not a big fan of her comedy. Now, Eddie Griffin, Jennifer Coolidge and Fred Willard can be quite hilarious but none of that is portrayed in this flop. This might be enjoyed by some, but only a few. For me, a big comedy fan, it was pretty bad in general. I actually watched it at the theaters and, my friends, it was the biggest waste of ten dollars in my life! It is now out on dvd and someone will have to pay me to watch it again...Ok maybe not pay me but at least pay for the movie. One measly star * 
If you own or have watched "The Blue Planet" series... you're going to recognize all of the footage. Why? Because you've already seen it. Except this time it's going to be without the informative narrative. For those of you who just want to watch a nature movie with very little talking... then I guess this is for you. The only reason I'm giving this two stars is because the (reused) footage is incredible. I don't particularly appreciate being misled by the advertising... I was expecting something new, not the recycled and repackaged presentation I got 
ROYAL WEDDING isn't on DVD yet. That's because the OWNER of the film, Warner Bros. hasn't released it yet. But several other companies have, under the "guise" of public domain. The original copyright on the film was not renewed properly with the Library of Congress, so the film is perceived to be public domain, although the music is very much copyrighted and every distributor of this movie is participating in copyright infringement by selling these "bootlegs". The companies make the money, because they're selling OTHER people's property. The people who ultimately suffer are YOU, THE CONSUMER, unknowingly buying products of inferior (worse than professional VHS) quality, thinking you're getting the real thing, because it's a DVD. Save your money. Wait until Warner Bros. gives us the real thing thing... And by the way, the movie gets 4 stars, it's the cheapo bootleg DVD that gets 1 star! 
WOW! THE PLANE CRASHES AND THE STORY GOES ON THE STARNGE ISLAND. THE SURIVIORS, THE KILLERS, AND OTHERS...WHO IS WHO BEFORE THE CRASH, AND WHO BECOMES WHAT AFTER THE CRASH. LOST START AS SIMPLE TALE OF AIR CRASH BUT AS THE STORY GOES FORWARD WE LEARN THE BACK STORY OF EACH SURVIVOR, THERE LINKS WITH OTHER SURVIVORS AND WHAT THE ISLAND HAS SHOWN THEM. END OF EACH EPISODE LEAVE YOU WITH A QUESTION MARK, WHICH GIVES YOU SLEEPLESS NIGHTS, AND SOMETIME DESTROY YOUR ATTENTION TO YOUR FELLOW MEN. GO ON AND GET LOST IN ONE OF THE BEST T.V THRILERS OF OUR TIME. 
I love agressive ski videos that just kick [...], and STORM just rips. No stupid bikini skiing or inner tube follies (that I can remember) just great skiing superbly shot with an awesome soundtrack. My neighbors can hear me when I play this. They think I have a screw loose. 
Wonderful Terry Gilliam is the Orson Welles of our time. Lambasted by critics for his excesses, admired by others for his genius. I'm with the genius crowd. Brothers Grimm is probably the most unfairly panned movie I've seen in a long while. Gilliam's style is baroque, and by a director who knows the definition. Visually, this can be quite stunning, as various nasty and beautiful things poke out of corners of a scene. Sort of like a Durer woodcut as imagined by Hieronymus Bosch. And the Brothers Grimm is perfect ground for Gilliam's magic - a dark fairytale that is also has a clash of ideas. It's 1812, the Age of Napoleon, not a good time for the Imagination. Nevertheless, con-men Jake Will Grimm are cashing in off of superstition and fear, since it's also an Age of Anxiety, and people believe more than ever in things that go bump in the night. The bumbling Grimms are played, quite effectively by Matt Damon (who pulls off the accent nicely) and Heath Ledger (a head scratching, eye-squinting success). Their evil counterparts, End Products from the Age of Reason, are a French general, played by Jonathan Pryce, and his wacky henchman, played by the always wonderful Peter Stormare. Little girls are disappearing in a small town, and something needs to be done about it. And the Grimms are caught in the middle. You will recognize bits and pieces of various fairy tales, as the Grimms stumble and bumble along to try and figure out the mystery. To reveal more would be cheating you out of a great tale and some genuine surprises. Check it out 
I usually trust Amazon reviewers on movie reviews, but this time ....NO WAY! This silly, totally predictable film left us playing with the cat for our evening entertainment, hoping the movie would liven up. Sadly, it didn't. To those who rave about the film...you must be in another dimension or something. Thumbs DOWN. 
There are two main reasons why this Superman film fails to fly inspite of the special effects. What Singer and company have missed is the heart of Superman - virtues. The ideal of the American way (noticably absent) is supposed to go hand in hand with truth and justice. Donner made the mistake in the 70's of having Superman sleep with Lois, and now Singer adds insult to injury by having Superman discover he has an illegitmate child that he doesn't take responsibility for (deadbeat dad). Using his super powers to invade the privacy of Lois in her home, drags Superman down to the level of creepy (peeping tom). The second issue concerns personality. Routh and Bosworth look nice but have no charm and no chemistry. These are the two ingredients that made Reeves and Kidder so endearing. A new director, writers, and cast is needed. Until then, at least there's Superman 1. 
Sat down and saw this one on televion. Only good service was that now I know buying the DVD would be a waste of money. What was actually achieved by the British is portrayed as an American achievement. Slanders the U-boat men portraying them as heartless marauders. Other than allied Propoganda pieces, There are no incidents of U-boats machinegunning people in lifeboats. The movie itself I have little respect. Basicly Plotless and unrealistic. Action scenes unbelievable. Characters Two Dimensional. This film Awful. 
Setting Theme(s): Castlerock, smallville, summer friends' adventure, life's lessons, solidarity found in kinsmanship and standing tall against the unknown. This 1986 instant classic of Rob Reiner's directing earns its spot on the mantle of other inimitable works of film. The musical score is dramatic, it sets the tempo from start to finish, and it never misses a beat; each song and rhythm takes you somewhere within the movie's unfolding, and you don't forget where until it all coalesces in a fabulous concluding. The lives of four local pals are traced from the impatient, lazy summer days of grandeur, to the oft treacherous events inherent in a trip initiated on spontaneity. One can in Stand By Me favorably assume to watch: pie eating contests, leeches, trains, train dodging, mail ball, fancy cars, fancy footwork (i.e. Verno's beloved comb's freefall), cantenes (thought they disappeared w/ Ben Franklin's outlets), junkyard dog chases, and much much more. The ending is the real gravy. The narration is superb also. By far one of the favorite films of my youth. Believe John Cusack can be seen playing the role of Gordy's football star elder brother? Stand By Me is the childhood that big city life just doesn't afford, at least not anymore. Everyone nowadays instead chooses to remain trapped in their offices and maniacal distresses; rustic destination spots, like the ones presented in this movie, are still out there folks. With a smidgen of ambition toward adventure, which will take your there, the healing power of the wilderness can become appreciated. Although movies and books alone can never fully capture the true splendor of the outdoors. Five stars for Reiners finest photoplay. 
In the film commentary, Director Robert Altman said he thought a really good film should leave people saying, 'I don't know what it was about but I really liked it.' (That's a paraphrase). And I think that's the key to why this film is so bad: The director didn't know what it was about. The weird, atonal score by Gerald Busby was an annoyance throughout, often drowning out the dialog. It's the kind of creepy music that comes in most horror movies just before the space aliens are going to appear, or in a psychological thriller, just as the nutcase is transforming into a psycho. Only in this film, the creepy music played on and on. That was it. No nuances, no alteration, no variance, no imagination. Just the same creepy atonal 'psycho' music all the time. Duvall and Spacek did a good job but the writing and directing were abysmal. Lots of shots where the camera stays on the actor for a loooong time, and dream-like sequences, conveying... mystery? suspense? drama what? Ah..I got it, they convey CONFUSION! That's it! The writer/director was confused! A waste of talent, and a waste of my time watching it. It is one of those films I watched thinking it HAD to get better. It didn't. 
I hope people don't start to think of this movie as Alien 5. In my mind this is a whole new venture, one that is separate from any of the work that Sigourney Weaver did on the first four Alien films. The first 4 films are pretty good and I really like the whole series. It works rather well and I would love to see another Alien film with Sigourney in it. I think they could pull off one more film. Ripley's a great hero. This movie was pretty bad. The only reason I give it 2 stars is because of the special effects. I felt like I was watching a Scooby Doo version of Alien. Whoever greenlit this film clearly just wanted to make money. The plot was..well..stupid and the atmosphere of the movie was pretty much non-existent. Each of the first four Alien movies were provocative in some sense no doubt because of Sigourney's involvement. This one was as boring as a white wall and it was as cheesy as a funhouse at a state fair. 
Seeing what's become of the rock and roll legends I remember from when we were much younger, I found very depressing. I'd rather remember them the way they were 40 yrs ago. Even Jerry Lee looked like he was ready for the nursing home 
I don't know what it is about him and this DVD, but my daughter (16 months) is in LOVE. All you have to do is say his name and she runs to the TV pointing and stomping in excitement. It's just too funny. She doesn't get that way for anyone else. 
Film: 4.5 stars; DVD: 0 stars (DVD released March 2000) This is a very good - albeit not great - film whose DVD release has been ruined by Disney, as they so often do: - 18(!) minutes deleted from the theatrically released version - non-anamorphic transfer It's been over six years since the DVD was released. One can only hope that an un-butchered version is in the works. However, based on Disney's track record, and on the quality of their marketing "wizards", I'm not holding my breath. Don't know if Disney licenses to Criterion but, if so, that may be the only way we get a decent DVD release 
I am sure that if you are looking at this then you are a fan of the trinity movies. The Nobody character is based on Trinity but with much more refined. Terence Hill's Nobody has a certain directness and is a much fuller character. Henry Fonda's career in spaghetti westerns often gets overlooked and that is a real shame. If you compare this to his portrayal of Wyatt Earp then you can see that the love of the western never left him. This is much more the Fonda that one loves rather than the villian in "Once upon a Time in The West" (itself a great film). I love showing this to people that have never seen it. They usally like it and then I move on the the Trinity films 
there is a certain new-fangled school of screenwriting that thinks that if you put a bunch of characters on screen and have them make no sense of one another but sound as if theyre being profound, then they ARE. the prime example of this in recent years is the abominable "crash", but at least that was (somewhat) assuaged by strong performances. this -- arguably the worst "mainstream" motion picture of 2005 -- is redeemed by nothing. an excruciatingly long 2 hours, and as much as i (usually) enjoy george clooney, i might never forgive him for this drek 
Most people have a hard time adjusting to foreign films because reading subtitles and trying to watch the film is difficult. That's why I love Melville's Le Samourai, not much speaking throughout the film equals minimal subtitles. This film doesn't require many lines of speech. The main character is an assassin who is hired to do a job and is rounded up by the police as a possible suspect. While trying not to get arrested he is trying to find out who double crossed him. My first Melville film and I loved it. If you like this one you should also see Le Cercle Rouge and especially Bob Le Flambeur 
The story line was very moving. Anthony Hopkins and Morgan Freeman are always fantastic in any movie they do. It is well worth the price and well worth the time to watch 
OK folks, this is by far one of the best DVDs I've bought in quite awhile. You get so much for so little. First you get the original black and white movie. Reefer Madness is like the Three Stooges, black and white just adds to its charm. But to see it in color is quite a hoot. The smoke is purple and pink, the suits and dresses are LOUD, and the color scheme for Mae's apartment is just mind boggling. What more could you ask for? Well you get more anyway. When I discovered that Mike Nelson from MST3000 fame actually had narrating duty, I just had to buy Reefer Madness again. He's hilarious. Sure it would have been great for his two robot buddies to join in, but who knows, maybe someday. Mike was right on the ball and I laughed out loud quite a few times. I never noticed before how much time the dope dealer spent making meals and eating. Well if that wasn't enough, we also get a short 15 minute film starring Grandpa Ganja. He's a marijuana expert who's been smoking pot for over 30 years. He quotes weed from the Bible, convincingly explains how Moses was a major dopehead, and also the disciples. Not only do we get an indepth history on marijuana, he demonstrates how to roll a joint, smoke a bong, and other helpful hints on how to administer medical THC. The old man is hilarious on helpful hints as to buying and growing your marijuana. When they showed the real old dude throwing marijuana seeds over his fence and then harvesting pot in his neighbor's yard I lost it. Low brow pot humor true, but in any case I laughed my butt off. If you already have a black and white copy of Reefer Madness, it's worth buying again to have this edition. It's well worth it 
I'm very surprised that this product has as high a rating as it does, I suppose most are simply glad the show is available on DVD. However, the transfer to DVD is absolutely horrible. On an opening night shot on disc 1, there is so much junk on the film that one would think one was seeing lightning bugs -- inside the house! The colors on these prints aren't even as good as what is shown on TVLand. This show might be 30 years old, but they cannot be using the best prints available. There is another irritating tip-off of the cheapness of this package -- the music on the closing credits is wrong -- or is this my imagination? For those who are defending this package, the upcoming Daniel Boone DVD set is a good item to compare it with. That show aired in 1966 and the remastered print is fantastic. Studios and re-issue companies can do a good job when they choose to. It's a real shame that, in this age of big-screen TVs, this program will look so shoddy. It's apparent that with such a popular show, they could have recouped the investment 
The Danny Boyle directed "Trainspotting" was a somber view with some comedic overtones into a group of Scottish heroin addicted losers. While the film garnered accolades, I found it to be profoundly disturbing as the seemier side of addiction was vividly depicted. Ewan McGregor playing Mark Renton and his crew which included "Full Monty" star Robert Carlyle, as violent psycho Begbie, swing back and forth between kicking the habit and falling back in love with allure of a scag high. Congregating in a filthy, deplorable shooting gallery the gang is shown in graphic manner getting high. As a group they're abhorent of authority and employment and motivated only by scoring their next fix. McGregor attempts to kick the habit by locking himself into an apartment with needed supllies. Remembering the constipation from a previous attempt he goes out to score suppositories. In a humorous scene, cramps force him to use the filthiest toilet in Scotland into which he drops his precious suppositories. He then dives into the disgusting toilet to retrieve them. McGregor eventually does clean up complete with cold turkey induced horrific hallucinations, escaping to London and working as a realtor. His buddies follow him there and reel him back into the life. McGregor and Carlyle and two other buddies eventually have their dreams come true,........the big drug deal. They manage to complete the deal for 16,000 pounds which McGregor decides to steal. He intends to use the loot to start a straight and clean life anew. Fat chance 
(Just as a note, that's the Japanese title) There's something about this movie that I've always liked. I'm not sure what it is, but being a Pokemon fan, of course I like it. The movie have always been great, and this one has something that I really like about it. The movie starts out in the North Pole, with a scientist named Dr. Lund, his friend Yuko, and his son, Tory. There is suddenly an explosion, and Tory is trampled by a frightened pack of Walrein. And, as they say, after that, all heck broke looks. A meteor is the reason for the explosion, and the creature inside the meteor is more than your average Pokemon. Deoxys, a rare Pokemon from another planet (woah, more than one Poke-Planet? Niiice.) The strange creature, carrying a rock with a gem inside, is suddenly attacked by the large, dragon-esque Rayquaza, a frequenter of the Ozone Layer. So, what the heck is he here for? Ah, So Rayquaza feels threatened by Deoxys, and so, both pokemon break out in a rather spectacular pokemon battle. (With some pretty cool background music, might I add.) So, professor Lund flees with his colleages, and son. Four years later, a young Pokemon trainer named Ash Ketchum, along with some friends, enter the high tech city of La Rousse, and as fate would have it, Tory's hometown. And, well, I won't spoil it from there. The plot is good, and Deoxys' 'destructive' intentions are less cruel than one would think. Don't worry, folks, no angsty Mewtwo-copy here. Also, Rayquaza brings some nice battles into the movie. His fights against Deoxys are totally awesome. The soundtrack is also great. I really love the music played during The opening scenes of the movie, and the fights between Rayquaza and Deoxys. The animation is very spiffy, shiny bright and new :P. I haven't had the pleasure of watching the original Japanese version of the movie, but when I do, I'll tell you all about it, 'kay? Well, I guess that pretty much wraps things up. Oh yes, Tory's afraid of pokemon, due to the whole 'get attacked by a herd of walrein' thing. Heh. Okay then, Sayanora, faithful readers! 
The Great Dictator is a film that took such courage from the star and director, Charlie Chaplin. The movie was filmed and released at the beginnings of World War 2 and at the rise of the Nazi party. The similarities between dictator Adolf Hitler and the comedic genius that is Charlie Chaplin is quite interesting: both sported the small mustache and were born in the same year, same month, in the same week. Chaplin took a serious approach when spoofing Hitler for this film; he viewed many news reels and studied his technique before making it funny on film. The Great Dictator has the ability to tug at your heart and make you laugh until you cry. The music is gorgeous and the writing is superb. Though some scenes do drag a bit, most of it flows smoothly. Perhaps the most famous scene in the movie is the final speech given by Chaplin. It is just him staring at the camera, and nothing stops him from saying what he feels. Movie buffs have to see this film. The Great Dictator is a beautiful presentation that showcases the cinema genius of Charlie Chaplin 
Sure, I could have compared Phantom Quest Corp. to a lot of other animes out there, but the basic premise is the same -- we get a group of people who are working together to solve sci-fi mysteries...and there is definitely nothing wrong with that. A friend of mine introduced me to this series, and I must say that I was pleasantly surprised overall. If you love having vampires and mummies, among other things, show up in your anime, along with a HUGE dosage of humor to boot, then you will absolutely LOVE this show -- it manages to take dark subject matter and make it into something comical. I think the biggest weakness in this series is definitely a coherent side story -- it seems like things are a little too hashed together at times, and a little too rushed. On top of that, half of the Phantom Quest team only shows up when actually needed to do something, such as the team exorcist and the fortune teller -- neither of these two characters really gets a strong introduction at all. One more weakness would really be in the music as well, which I found continuously grating on my nerves -- mainly, the theme song. Most of the other music is just merely OK. Complaints aside, this is definitely worth your time, especially for such a small price -- buy this one, you certainly won't regret it 
This program was BORING! As much as Billy tried to keep the kid on the program motivated, about 10 minutes into the workout they were showing how bored they were, and of course my kids at home, and I'm sure any other kid picked up on this, and soon lost interest. Several things made this program boring: One, you can't understand a thing Billy is saying, he would mumble unclear phrases thoughout the entire program, and his demeanor was very un-natural, to the point of being fake. He just looked sounded very out of place working with kids. It came across like he his crew weren't really sure how to interact with the kids, making them appear to be very fake. Another boring point was the movements, there was absolutely NO creativity here, these were some of the EXACT same movements from the adult Tae-Bo videos. Now, I do applaud Billy for slowing the movements down (unlike the adult Tae-Bo which goes at a break neck pace), these movements are performed in a controlled manner. But, they are still adult type movements, and extremely boring for kids. I would have liked to have seen some creativity with these movements to make them more kid friendly, and more EXCITING! To be honest my kids were turned off bored with this program after the first 10 minutes. Something Billy needs to realize is, kids are smarter than people give them credit for being. - They can tell when someone is being fake not truly having fun, and they also realize that when kids on T.V. are bored not having fun, then this isn't something they want to do. Kids want to have fun, and want to watch the instructor other kids having fun. That is how you motivate children 
I think this is a beautiful story about a man, who wanted to change his country. He was not looking for his lost money, he wanted a new Hungary. The story about a great man, love through peace, war and blood. A great story from the hungarian history. Everyone, who like dramas, the 19th century, real heros... have to see this wonderful movie 
If you're looking for a silly movie with no content, this is not a collection for you. The series is a great insight to a range of human emotions and finding your true self. I recommend it to anybody who loves good movies. Just beware. This set has english subtitles, so if you don't like that you can think twice before commiting to a purchase 
Scenes from a Marriage is a Swedish film by Ingmar Bergman. To me, this is one of the best films ever. It not only captures a great story, but it is done so well. What makes the movie so great is that you can relate to how they feel, act, and generally take care of issues. This isn't one of those American films where a person breaks off with someone and they start yelling and throwing objects at them. In here, as he is telling his wife about this other lover, she is without emotions, just staring off, with no real reactions whatsoever, a way most would respond. This is basically a 3 or 5 hour film about a wife who believes their marriage is great/perfect. It is later that she finds outs that perhaps, the marriage isn't so great when she listens to a patient decribe her marriage and why she wants a divorce. There, the wife wants to plan a trip with her husband and try to improve their marriage. He later says he's been with a woman for a while now, and shortly there after, leaves her. After a year of so, they get together to sign the divorce papers, which turns out rough at the end. After some time, they get together again, and in some way, fall in love once again, even though both are married to other people. There, the movies ends. Great film! Hard to watch some american films now, because most just seem horrible, and in ways, corny. I'm glad I got to see a great film like this. 
The Award winning documentary Freestyle, looks like something fresh, creative, and new from the exterior. I was psyched to purchase this DVD the minute I heard about it. What a let down! First of all, How did Freestyle achieve all of the acclaim and all of these film festival awards, Secondly who picked it as a winner? Probably some cornball who isn't familiar with the culture or good off the dome MCing? This documentary tries really hard to connect to the audience and present the validity of rhyming off the dome but falls completely flat. The film isn't balanced enough to a certain degree. What you basically have is nothing more than a bunch of tree huggin backpackers spitting nothing but junk and 10 syllable words off the top of their heads for a majority of the film. Don't get me wrong there are some credible scenes in Freestyle with Mos Def, Biggie, Black Thought, J.U.I.C.E, and the Last Poets....but not enough. Freestyle tries to come off as some profound documentary but sheds very little light to the subject and the questions that many Hip-Hop heads have asked for years. Why wasn't the current trend of fake freestyles (writtens coming off as freestyles) addressed more? Why weren't more credible MC's exposed and quality underground MC's presented? Why is there a section entitled "written/freestyles", what kind of oxymoron is that? It makes no sense. Why is there a section on Freestyle DJing??? What???!!!? Isn't that called turntabalism??? It seems as if they're fishing for more topics that ultimately don't have much of a direct relation to rhyming off the top. Is there a freestyle graffiti section too??? Freestlye continuously fails and derails itself off track from the key subject, the art of freestyling. At times it tries to be a Hip Hop 101 DVD. Most of the people who will be purchasing the DVD are already familiar with Hip Hop's roots in the South Bronx. Where is the quality freestyling at? Ultimately, "Freestyle" is over-saturated with un-proven, extremely weak, amateur MC's who need to focus more on spitting quality off the dome freestyles. They cover Supernatural's sorry a$$ for almost half of the entire DVD, which is very unfortunate. I admire his creativity, but he sounds terrible. It's no wonder why he can't get signed. He thinks his doo-doo doesn't stink, because he's studied the dictionary to help expand his vocabulary for freestyling, but yet he can't take the time to concentrate on getting out of the broom closet that he lives in. I thought that this film could have benefited from more footage of proven vets who can truly freestyle such as Kool Keith, Tribe, Big Daddy Kane, KRS-1, Snoop, Kurrupt, Common, Safir, Likwit Crew, Redman, or anyone from Hieroglyphics. These aforementioned artists can "really" freestyle. That would have faired much better than watching these tofu eatin, incense burnin, soy milk drinkin, poetry night geeks struggle to put words together. The Eminem rap Olympics footage from 1997 would have been great too. Ultimately, if you are somewhat/vaguely familiar with Hip-Hop culture or a new fan of the underground scene, then you will love Freestyle. If you consider your self a long-time fan of Hip Hop culture and familiar with the topic of freestyle rhyming then you will be somewhat disappointed, just like I was. If you want a quality Hip Hop DVD purchase check out "The MC", "Scratch" or "Hip Hop Immortals" take my word for it. I'm rating this with 2.5 stars mainly for the rare footage of artists such as Kool Moe Dee, Bahamadia, Biggie Smalls, The Roots, Craig G, and Kool Herc 
Upon its initial release, the attention that Otto Preminger's "Anatomy of a Murder" attracted due to its subject matter undoubtedly deflected some attention away from the fact that the film had its fair share of problems. When watched today after much of its scandalous elements have lost their power to shock, its meandering story and uneven characterizations are exposed front and center. Attorney Paul Biegler (James Stewart) is asked to defend Lieutenant Frederick Manion (Ben Gazzara) after a bar owner is found murdered. Manion claims that he committed the murder in a fit of rage after his wife, Laura (Lee Remick), was raped. While preparing his case for trial, Biegler finds that Laura is extremely difficult to work with because of her temperamental and flirtatious nature. Nevertheless, the resourceful attorney continues to work on exonerating his client even though it is not clear whether he and his wife are being entirely truthful with him. Stewart is his dependable self in "Anatomy of a Murder." In fact, his performance as an attorney who is not afraid to stretch the rules is the one saving grace of the film. There is little nuance in the performances of Gazzara and Remick and even the great George C. Scott misses the mark with an over-the-top effort. Yet, the problems with the acting is secondary to the unfocused screenplay. "Anatomy of a Murder" oftentimes seems more concerned with exploring the eccentric natures of its characters than in telling a good story. The investigation of the crime is done in a half-hearted manner and the mystery behind the dual crimes of the rape and the murder are never resolved to any satisfaction. For a film to run as long as "Anatomy of a Murder" does, one would think that there would be more than enough time to resolve all of the lingering questions posed by the film. Yet, this is not the case 
I'd give 4 stars for this DVD release. The movie itself has a special place for anyone who grew up watching soviet movies. To relate the atmosphere of an old 60's soviet "eastern" is not easy to an american viewer, and I believe a better english dubbing could do this movie a better justice. Besides that, it's a must have, particularly for any russian ex-pat 
This Pride and Prejudice fan was hoping for a modern-day movie with a storyline much closer to Pride and Prejudice. Even Colin Firth could'nt save this one for me! On its own I found it sadly lacking in just about everything I look for in a romantic comedy including romance and humor. If you are a true Pride and Prejudice fan, I recommend buying the BBC series and the 2005 movie version. Both are excellent. I would'nt waste my time again with this one 
About the only thing this movie has going for it is the excellent music. The producers of this film are out of their mind if they expect any viewer who's not screwed-up in the head to feel sorry for the two stupid main characters just because their sick, incestuous, and adulterous lifestyle is incompatible with the world they live in. If you want to leave your entertainment center in a good mood, don't watch this 
"The Five People You Meet in Heaven" is a powerful book with many mixed emotions. This film was a constant mystery as I never knew what would happen next. The story is all about the people who affected Eddie the most in his life. The people he meets in Heaven are interesting and also somewhat shocking. Some people he knew, and some he had never met. This was a great idea. Mitch Albom kept me wanting to read as I usually am not too interested in books. This truly is the greatest book I've ever read and therefore I would definitely recommend it to everyone. 
Excelente concierto en el castillo Slane en IRLANDA, Bono se entrega a su publico, buen sonido, buenas imagenes, magnificos extras. LO RECOMIENDO DOS HORAS DE U 
The Weight of Water (Kathryn Bigelow, 2000) This movie should have been a big production-- an adaptation of an Anita Shreve novel directed by Near Dark's Kathryn Bigelow, starring a handful of big-name actors. So why does it seem like a Lifetime Original Movie(TM) on steroids? Jean Janes (Shadow of the Vampire's Catherine McCormack) is obsessed with a pair of murders that occurred on the Isles of Shoals in 1873, when Louis Wagner (Rome's Ciaran Hinds) was convicted of the murders of two women and executed. Jean isn't sure they got the right person. She and her poet husband Thomas (Sean Penn) set off for the islands on a boat with Thomas' brother Rich (Josh Lucas, recently of Poseidon) and Rich's new girlfriend Adaline (Elizabeth Hurley, who went from this right on to film Bedazzled). The interpersonal relationships on the boat cause tensions to flare, as everyone seems to want pretty much everyone else, and the situation on the boat brings Jean to a possible revelation of an alternative theory of the crime. It's an interesting premise, and from everything I've heard it's carried off quite successfully in the book, which I haven't read. But oh, it doesn't work well at all in the film. The links between the two stories are shown only by the way the two stories are intercut; no work at all was done on trying to parallel the two in any structural way. Most of the actors are wasted here; even the vastly talented McCormack seems only a shadow of her usual irrepressible self, while Sarah Polley, whose story takes place over in the nineteenth century time frame, seems as if she's worn down by a lot more than inimical primitive island life. About the only actor who's really effective here is Hinds, who plays his role to the hilt. It's not the worst movie I've seen in the past month, but it's pretty close. * 
Absolutely unwatchable. Cliche-ridden. So silly it's very nearly offensive. It's like watching one long music video by a B-level rapper - full of dumb, beautiful women, buff, monkey-headed ghetto thugs, and jokey tricked-out cars. Without a doubt one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The script is laughable, the acting worse. Vin Diesel and Paul Walker are more "Dumb and Dumber" than "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid". Awful 
I have been a Le Carre fan until the end of the Cold War. I somehow still managed to follow him later for some time. But now it is over, definitely. I disliked this novel, and the movie is obnoxious. Rachel Weisz is quite ridiculous in her part. Which idiot nominated her for her Oscar is beyond the point. Zellweger got an Oscar for an even more horrible performance recently, in the otherwise quite acceptable Cold Mountain. And even the otherwise great Blanchett had to turn in an awful performance in The Aviator to get one. (Why can these nice girls not get one for one of their good movies?) My conclusion: this world is strange. It has no idea what is good and what not. 
Controversy courted the release of this film and people went to see it for the actual depictions of sex between the actors, thinking somehow it would be pornographic or titillating. But this film showed two desperate, middle-aged strangers (with all their flaws abundantly clear) meeting once a week for no-strings-attached encounters. The fact that the audience sees graphic moments adds only to the "desperate", tawdry, pathetic feel of their relationship. Naturally, one of the two of them becomes too curious and wants to know more about the other partner, one of the greatest pitfalls in the dangerous pursuit of anonymous encounters: sooner or later, anonymity is not good enough anymore. 
Well, I sure could have skipped this one. I well remember the critics raving over this on television, but why is beyond me. Mostly, I was just plain bored. There simply was no depth at all, just bunches of short takes and wise cracks. Bush was just downright dirty, making insults and slurs all over the place, something I do not consider an appropriate attitude in a man who would be President. And it is interesting that in one of the reviews it was noted that Mary Matalen, the deputy manager of Bush's campaign and very acid-tongued (maybe she wrote some of the slurs Bush used), is now the wife of James Carville, top strategist for Clinton's campaign, and basically the star of the movie. But all the scenes were focused on the funny quip, the bon mot, no long scenes of the nitty-gritty work, or any answers to any questions about Clinton either, for that matter. 
I bought this DVD hoping that it will be a good one but it turned out to be awful and trashy. There is no story or plot to it, so I ended up throwing it away. I really regret buying it. If you're into sex, then this film is for you but let me tell you this, it is boring like hell. 
This is the kind of movie I used to enjoy seeing a couple of times a year and now see, oh, about once every 10 years or so. An incredibly interesting, odd, provocative movie, that doesn't insult its audience. The acting is phenomenal, the script is really interesting, and the characters are not people you've seen 1000 times before. Although it's sort of about baseball, it's not a baseball movie. It's a pity that so few people want to see interesting movies like this. I loved this movie. 
I knew I was in trouble with FOUR BROTHERS when I saw that Josh Howard (of SPORTS NIGHT fame) was scowling hard, trying to be a tough Detroit cop. Not believable for a nanosecond. And then it got worse when Marky Mark said, "Why don't you two cops get some doughnuts and coffee?" The rest of the film veers along in that kind of lame and clichd rhythm. Almost every scene in this thing is a howler. And watching it, I remembered I hadn't forgiven Tyrese Gibson for the travesty that was 2 FAST 2 FURIOUS. Still, Tyrese is better than Garrett Hedlund, who looks like he's a refugee from THE OUTSIDERS. But the movie's not a total wash; after all, it's got a GREAT soundtrack 
Your milage may vary; but I found this movie white-knuckle intense and extremely provocative. There is little danger of giving away the plot; it is not particularly complex. Three stupid, arrogant American teenagers tempt fate by crossing an unguarded gate from Finland to the former USSR, which at the time was very much the USSR and a Very Bad Place for Americans. They make photographs of themselves on the wrong side of the gate. So far so good, but then they get lost and go the wrong way right into the hands of the Russians who mistake them for spies. Some interesting subplots are also happening that keep things moving, that I'll keep a secret for ya. I can promise you one thing: If you are American, after seeing this, you'll salute the flag, think real hard before traveling overseas and I'll bet you never photograph yourself on the wrong side of an international border 
"Stagecoach" is significant, along with "Destry Rides Again", for redefining the Western for "adult" audiences. Director John Ford achieved that by emphasizing character developement over action though the film does contain some thrilling sequences. For sure the film does contain a number of Western archetypes(the gambler, the prostitute with a heart of gold, etc.) but they transcend the stereotypes. "Stagecoach" is also significant as the film that broke John Wayne to mainstream audiences. Wayne's entrance as the Ringo Kid is the stuff of legends. There is not a bum performance in the impressive cast that includes the underappreciated Claire Trevor as the social pariah, Dallas, and Thomas Mitchell as Doc Boone, for which he won an Oscar. The film's status as being historically significant is not debatable. As first class entertainment it is timeless 
This newborn care DVD is strictly for caring for a newborn infant, in other words, what you learn here won't apply after the first 3 or 4 weeks. My biggest beef with this DVD is that it totally just skims over all the basics, such as how to breastfeed properly, how to bottlefeed properly, how to swaddle properly, how to calm a baby properly, etc. All the stuff you want to know about looking after a newborn, each is given about 5 seconds of screen time. Instead, the bulk of the program is wasted on things like "pre-birth preparation," which interestingly appears toward the end of the program, and how the mother should take care of herself. These are important things to know, but not for a "ultimate baby care DVD." The DVD packaging is also very misleading. It says "over an hour of hints"... but that includes 1 minute of copyright warning and another 30 seconds of "you should always consult your doctor" warning, plus a long end-of-program credit. The actual content is about 55 minutes. I've seen this DVD and the "ABC of Newborn Baby Care" DVD and even though the latter is not great, it's better because it goes through the important topics step-by-step, and the nurse/midwife demonstrates the techniques clearly. Between the two DVDs, I definitely recommend the latter. BTW, you can likely find this at your local library. It's also available from Netflix. It's just not worth the price of the DVD, not even 1/10 of the price 
I have trouble saying how much I enjoyed this movie. The plot was well worn, but it didn't feel staid or plodding. Visually, the movie is simply stunning. Absolutely some of the best visuals I have seen in years. The Jim Henson company outdid themselves this time 
This is a great family movie, a fresh take on enchantment stories. It's rather in the style of E. Nesbit's books, using contemporary references. I find it far superior to many of Disney's usual works. It's enjoyable for adults and kids 
"I Wake Up Screaming" was the first film noir made at 20th Century Fox. Its greatest distinction is its visual style whose low-key lighting and dark shadows would become archetypal of film noir after World War II. Cinematographer Edward Cronjager created a striking early example of "noir" lighting -what John Alton appropriately called "mystery lighting"- in this film made in 1941, before the United States entered the War. The story is based on the novel of the same name by Stephen Fisher, adapted for the screen by Dwight Taylor, who moved the action to New York, gave it a flashback structure, and turned it into one of those hybrids so common in pre-War Hollywood that combines multiple genres: Mystery, romance, musical (the singing scene was cut), comedy, suspense, and psychological drama. But the suspense does dominate. When model and aspiring actress Vicky Lynn (Carole Landis) is murdered, the police are quick to blame Frankie Christopher (Victor Mature), a fight promoter who met Vicky when she was a waitress, introduced her to all the right people, and managed her ascent to glamour girl -until she left him for Hollywood. Vicky's down-to-earth sister Jill (Betty Grable) disapproved of her career choice but doesn't want to believe Frankie responsible for her death. The Assistant District Attorney thinks early on that the creepy switchboard operator (Elisha Cook, Jr.) at the Lynns' apartment building is the killer, but sadistic police detective Ed Cornell (Laird Cregar) won't let up on Frankie, constantly harassing and threatening him, leaving Frankie little choice but to find the killer himself. "I Wake Up Screaming" opens with an eyecatching credit sequence of names in lights sprawled across a dark cityscape. That got my attention. Then we move on to an interrogation room at the police station. Frankie Christopher is harshly lit with one lamp, surrounded by police officers in the shadows. Gorgeous, dramatic, low-key lighting. The faces of some characters, even Frankie, are sometimes completely blacked out. I don't know if that is due to a film with limited tonal range or if it's deliberate. But it's daring. Everywhere we go in the station house, there are bars and shadows. The implication that the characters are trapped as if in a cage is overwhelming. The police station is like a template for film noir aesthetic. This really surprised me in such an early film, but it's fabulous. This was Betty Grable's first non-musical role. She's all sweetness and goodness, but she is also level-headed, practical, and brave in the mold of a film noir helper-heroine. Unfortunately, every time she appears on screen we hear "Somewhere Over the Rainbow", which eventually drove me a little nuts. Victor Mature makes a strong and appealing protagonist. But the stand-out performance comes from Laird Cregar as the very creepy, obsessed police detective Cornell. He's truly unsettling and one of the most memorable noir villains. The dialogue isn't hard-boiled except for a few lines delivered by Vicky. But "I Wake Up Screaming" is a superb example of the film noir style as it was entering Hollywood's visual vocabulary. The DVD (20th Century Fox 2006): A few scenes show some white specks and lines, but this print is generally good. Sound is good. Bonus features: A deleted scene called "Daddy" (4 min), in which Betty Grable sings. This doesn't fit the tone of the movie well, so it was best left out. "Hot Spot" (text) is a brief account of the film's title change from "I Wake Up Screaming" to "Hot Spot" and back again. We can watch the opening credits for the film with the "Hot Spot" title (1 min). There are 3 "Still Galleries": A Poster Gallery (3 posters), a Production Stills Gallery of behind-the-scenes photos (8), and a Unit Photography Gallery of publicity stills (38 photos). It's interesting to note that scenes are much more brightly lit in the publicity stills than in the movie itself. There is a theatrical trailer (2 min). Film noir historian Eddie Muller delivers a good, nearly constant audio commentary. He compares the screenplay to Steven Fisher's novel, provides background information for many of the creative crew and actors, discusses the noir visual style and the juxtaposition of light and dark thematic elements in the film. Muller speaks a lot about the people involved in the film, as always. Subtitles for the film are available in English and Spanish 
Wow, I was so excited to see this available on DVD. This is from the era of cartoon geniuses. These cartoons are good for all ages and will never go out of fashion. I can not wait to have kids and show this to them. It beats the violence and tone of cartoons today. This is my choice for a cartoon lovers collection a MUST HAVE. Enjoy 
I'm new to the world of Pilates and this DVD is very helpful. The instructor explains everything clearly so that you can be sure of doing each pose correctly. The great thing about this DVD is that now that I'm getting comfortable with Pilates, I can continue using this video because it lets you chose workouts for beginners, intermediates, and advanced. There's no need to buy any additional DVDs! And days that I don't have time to fit in a whole workout, it also gives you time ranges to choose from. This video is worth buying for those wanting to try Pilates. I've recommended it to my friends, and they all use it now 
I am a big fan of Frank Miller's work and I loved reading the graphic novels the movie was adapted from. When I saw this film I was blown away by the visuals. It had an amazing graphic style that was very different than anything I had seen in a movie before. Having mentioned it's good points I have to say I was enormously disappointed with the dialogue and some of the story adaptation to screen. It seems to me those involved in the screenplay and production were too concerned with adapting this in an overly faithful manner from the graphic novel to the big screen. For the most part the bad dialogue and some of the terrible acting in parts were just too painful to sit through. I had to keep checking to see if my ears were bleeding yet. Each extraordinarily bad line or horribly acted sequence made we wince like I was being mugged. What works in a graphic novel doesn't necessarily work as well when adapted directly to screen without a bit more adaptation than you'll see here. All the characters were severely and tragically 2-dimensional with none of the depth you get from reading the graphic novel and very little attention was paid to developing better dialogue suitable for a big screen experience. Also, many of the big name actors in this movie were capable of much better performances than they displayed here. Purists and rabid fans of the graphic novel may be capable of somehow finding a way to look past all the terrible acting and awful dialogue that is rife throughout the film. However, my bottom line opinion is it's a good film to watch for the visual look only, but you will almost certainly enjoy it far more if you keep the 'mute' button on. This film had the potential to be truly great but it is extremely disappointing that it fell so far short of that mark 
I thought from the description that this could be an interesting film and gave it a shot. It was terrible. First because of the camera shake, I don't know about you but I can't sit trough a film with continuous camera shaking. Needless to say I didn't make it through the whole film, but from what I saw the main actor was irritating to watch 
I am a big fan of faerietales and stories for children, though I do not have any of my own. On the whole I am unimpressed with the Barbie series which is highly unoriginal with characters that seem as plastic as the dolls themselves. While it manages to be more of a sedative than a painful experience, it is not something that I would recommend to other lovers of faerietales and/or faerie lore. Children, however, are often attracted to brightly colored things with simple stories, and will most likely love it 
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The characters are unlikeable except for Charity's two friends. The songs are far too long and I had to fast forward through most of them because they were so dull. I was especially disappointed with Big Spender because I love the song and expected a spectacular dance number from Bob Fosse and all they did was stand there draped over the bar. The only redeeming factor was that Sammy Davis Jr. was in it. He's awesome even though the song was fairly stupid. This was my first Shirley MacLaine film and on the back it said that Sweet Charity was her best movie. I have no desire to see her other movies then 
Cameron Crowe, Rene Zelleweger, Cuba Gooding and Tom Cruise were all at the top of their game. The superlative fluidity and cinematic thrill of this successful feature was facilitated by experienced actors in sync, and guaranteed by superb production and studio crafts. A timeless classic - In a class of its own. 
CSI:Miami, having evolved with difficulty over the first two seasons, reaches its high point in Season 3. Anyone who has watched the show realizes that Horatio, unlike Gil Grissom or Mac Taylor, is the true star of the show. The rest of the CSIs are entertaining, but the show is truly about him. This dynamic, when combined with the glamour and glitz of the Miami setting and crimes most foul, make this for me the CSI that is above the rest. Plotwise, season 3 is bit over the top. Issues covered in this season include a stalker murder, a sports star on trial for his wife's murder, a young woman killed in a club, the murder of a uniformed cop, gang warfare in a hospital, the killings of IRS agents, speed dating that ends in a death, spree killing, and the murder of a wingwoman. Some of the lesser episodes involve our old friend Clavo Cruz, a giant boa contricter that eats a woman, skaters and gamers, and of course, the infamous tsunami episode. The season incorporates the Raymond Caine subplot heavily in the last 5 or 6 episodes. This leads up to a satisfying conclusion in the season finale. The season is also one of change. A regular cast member gets killed in episode 1, which quite frankly, was quite a relief since the character was terrible. Another regular, not a CSI, kills himself. A new cast member joins, Officer Ryan Wolfe, makes the transfer from patrol to CSI, and making some waves in the process. Callie and Delco (who has very little to do this season) have a tough time dealing with tragedy, and we actually see Horatio dating a rather attractive Assistant DA, at least for a few episodes. Some old familiars pop by, including Suzy and Madison, and Raymond Caine's killer Bob, who ends up being much more important in the story than we assumed. All in all it adds up to a great season, which will be extremely difficult to top in Season 4. People either love or hate this show, so if you count yourself among the fans, this is a must addition to the collection. A.G. Corwin St.Louis, M 
Its hard to imagine that a war film can leave you with a big smile at the conclusion but here is one that will! With non stop action, drama and comedy, Kellys Heroes has it all with a top notch cast and soundtrack to boot. The original script of a bank heist behind enemy lines during WW2 is a classic and is brilliantly executed at all levels. Even though the film is based on a fictional plot, it still has an authentic feel and is rated an all time classic. highly recommended 
This is the WORST transfer of a movie (that is not a tape-to-tape before DVD bootleg) that I have ever seen. Many scenes in the daylight show a jiggling reflected lights, or so it appears, and lines dance around with the sound. It was so bad I thought it was in individual damaged DVD, until I read other reviews here and on IMDB. This is far worse than most cheapie transfers that are no longer owned but are in the public domain. At least in those instances they usually have the excuse that the print they are working from is old and worn. I have a much better video of Exodus on VHS tape in EP! And this movie is currently being offered at Amazon for $14.95. Don't bother! Tape it off TCM and you'll have a far higher quality visual record. As for the movie itself, despite good actors and one of the most wonderful music scores, it's very flat. Kirk Douglas would have been a far better choice than Newman, who acts like he just came off a binge after a losing pool streak. Nonetheless, it should not be sold with in lousy visual copies 
Known to all, this is the story of Dorothy Gale and her journey to the magical land of Oz. She meets a Scarecrow who needs a brain, a Tin Man who wants a heart, and a cowardly lion who desperately needs courage. The most popular film of all time , seen by over a billion people. It's timelessness is proof enough of its value . Certainly flawed when scrutinized and written about for 56 years, but still most beloved. In 1998 rereleased on the big screen: magic. And admittedly the most important film of my life: As a child I was obsessed with the film and only a little less now 
Hector Elizondo is an actor of uncommon skill. Aside from his superlative work as a Doctor on "Chicago Hope" he has been often cast as a sideman in films - the trusted aide, the sympathetic boss - but often in supporting roles. In "Tortilla Soup" he takes the leading role in a Mexican-American remake of Ang Lee's "Eat Drink Man Woman". He plays Martin Naranjo, a Mexican Chef so gifted that all who eat his cuisine proclaim him an artist. The movie has delightful flourishes where we see dishes being prepared, then eaten, that are so delightful that you can almost perceive the wonderful aroma leaping from the screen. Martin is has lost much of his sense of taste, which he thinks is a cruel irony, but his Cuban partner reminds him that Beethoven composed his greatest symphonies after he had lost the sense of hearing. Martin also has 3 daughters who he has raised sinced becoming a widower 15 years ago. Elizabeth Pena is Leticia, the pious schoolteacher who is invited to ask the blessing prior to the family meals although she turns a simple "grace" into mini-sermons. Jacqueline Obradors is the saucy Carmen, who was encouraged to get her MBA by Martin, but has difficulty balancing the borderline ethics of large business deals with her growing realization that she is not pursuing her passion - as her father did with his wondrous cooking. Tamara Mello is the youngest Maribel who finds herself torn between the pressure to go to college and to "find herself". Constance Marie is family friend Yolando, who is the same age as the older sisters and is coming to the end of a dissatisfying marriage with a young daughter who Martin dotes on. Raquel Welch is Yolando's mother, Hortensia, who is also without a man and plainly has designs on the compassionate and accomplished Martin. The film depicts the evolution of these various characters as they come to terms with the progression of their love lives and professions. At the beginning of the film all of the characters are single. By the end they've all been paired off in one manner or another, some in a manner more satisfyingly realistic than others. Raquel Welch is a bit of a distraction in the film. At age 61 she has a show-stopping beauty that few woman would aspire to at age 25. In a film full of attractive performers she doesn't "look her age" enough to blend into the story. She plays the part of geriatric bombshell jester and in a nice ensemble this role sticks out like a geriatric bombshell jester. The movie otherwise has some realistic and positive things to say about aspirations and relationships and I would recommend it if only to watch Hector Elizondo around the dinner table and in the kitchen. 
You should see this because it has an eary appearance by America (yes, peo-ple, that is HER real name) Ferarra!!! WHo, you ask?? Oh (casually) only the star of UGLY BETTY. (looks up, says ala Pulp Fiction) "Oh, do I have your attention now???? Also in this movie is Roary from GG (gilmore Girls for the ignorant). The only thing I didnt like was the blonde who had sex with the older man, not only was it innapropriate, but also illegal!!!! WSo, parents be aware of this if you're daughter's want to watch this movie. It has sexual content!!!! Especially if they are under age! Now, peo-ple, I am a male and also over 18 so i can watch what I want, but I'm just saying that for young girls they shouldn't watch this one!!! But we ALL can watch Ugly Betty!!!! 
What's not to like about Richard Farnsworth? He was one of the few actors that received nothing but compliments during his acting days, an extremely likable "old man." Hey, few people every remember seeing this guy as anything but old, since he spent his younger days as a stuntman, rather than as an actor. So, he was a very good choice to portray a likable thief: Bill Miner, the last of the stagecoach and train robbers. "The Gentleman Bandit," I believe, was his label. This is a nice low-key adventure, with almost no bad language and the British Columbia and Washington state scenery is absolutely gorgeous. It would look great on widescreen DVD. What's the holdup? (pun intended) The only bad news of this tale is the usual filmmakers' twisted message to root for a man who simply was a crook, nothing else. The film also - especially to get the younger audience - needs more action. It will be too slow for them, but I liked it, if for no other reason that I can listen to Farnsworth's voice all night. What a "cool" guy he was, and it''s always a pleasure to see him on screen. 
Upon watching the movie sick, I came to an all out conclusion of all other movies I had seen in the past. They will never compare to Bob Flanagans true life experience of living beyond the expected life span of a human with CF. This man truly took his illness by the balls and showed the viewer that pain can be an issue that is manipulated in an entirely different way. I found it very interesting how Bob chose to be a slave to the woman he loves rather than a slave to his miserable disease. Those who dare; watch as Bob experiences life through the vice of pain. Those with weak stomaches, beware 
I would love to review this Lions Gate DVD, but I can't catch one word in ten. It is NOT, as advertised, closed-captioned, and the characters' speech is too casual and British for me to get. Drat! -- I was so chuffed to see there was a cc version 
What a truly stunning film, this type of film has been long overdue in the movie industry, more of these should see the light 
There are 2 types of people who like black and white films: old people and clever clogs know-it-alls. Why watch this when you can buy Picture Perfect with the lovely Jennifer Aniston for the same price. The emperor's new clothes 
Okay, this movie is a complete waste of time for even the most diehard college basketball fans. Nick Nolte does a fine job acting like Bob Knight coaching UCLA, or in this case, the fictional Western Univ. That is until the 'real' Bob Knight coaches Indiana against Nolte's fictional team in the climactic game at the end. I was a student at IU when Nolte was going to every Indiana home game in order to study how a real college basketball coach acts. At the time Indiana was number 1 in the nation so Nolte got a lot of attention for his role. However, the acting by Shaq, Hardaway, and Matt Nover was absolutely HORRID! The plot centers around a legendary b-ball court (Nolte as a Knight rip-off right down to the sweater) who is turned to cheating by those nasty alumni and boosters. He takes his dirty team through the season and plays number 1 Indiana at the end. The Real Bob Knight shows up with a cast of former IU b-ball legends and one Duke legend in Bobby Hurley. Anyway, after beating the squeaky clean Indiana team Nolte rats out the alums and boosters for their recruiting violations. Other than Nolte nobody gives a really solid performance. Mary McDonnell is good but she's hardly in the movie. Bob Cousy plays the AD and he does an okay job for a guy who isn't even an actor. Hardaway is terrible and Matt Nover is just plain horrible. The only part really worth watching is the final game between Indiana and Shaq's team. It does a good job of taking you inside the huddle as you actually see and hear Knight diagram plays and Nolte does the same. However, it just turns into a highlight reel of Shaq dunking. If you want to see a good b-ball movie just watch Hoosiers again. Also, I'd like to be on whatever mind altering drugs the people who gave this movie 5 stars were taking. 
this dvd is the best one ive ever seen snoop put out. the concert footage and sound isnt the greatest but this dvd is so much more that i thought i was getting. Dont get me wrong the concert parts are so dope to hear my fav snoop classics and i was left with one question how did they get clearance from Suge to put out his Death Row classics, but this dvd shines as a replayable classic. You would be so so suprised at what is on this, see most people are happy getting a concert dvd like the up and smoke where snoop performs in one city, you watch it after fast forwarding through all the opening acts like westside connec and you dont have to watch it again for years...this is quite a different approach. I was literally hurting from laughing so hard because this dvd gives you the bishop don juan, it gives you backstage, it gives you the norml conference...you cant even take it all in if you watched it once! i say if you like snoop, if you like weed, if you like biatches and hiznoes, you got a winner with the puff puff pass 
This show was excellent in every aspect. I was captivated from the opening number and stayed glued to my TV until the closing credits. It was so fun to see the entire Osmond Clan decked out in their holiday finest having such a wholesome and lighthearted good time. I especially enjoyed seeing Debbie, Donny's wife sing a duet with Donny. And the other wives put on a musical extravaganza as well. There was even a guest appearance by the Osmond grandparents. I would recommend this DVD to anyone who wants to really enjoy an old fashioned Christmas special. There is a mixture of traditional Christmas songs, some uptempo numbers, and even some spiritual songs included. A particularly poignant segment included little brother Jimmy singing a song out in the snow. I'd never seen the two lesser-known older brothers before but they were in the middle of everything on this particular show. One of the best Christmas specials I've seen in a long time. It made me wish that I was part of their family. After watching this I'm more convinced than ever that I am the fat Osmond who Mother Osmond abandoned in the hospital only to be adopted by some nice folks here in the Pacific Northwest 
Other People's Money is a wonderful movie, full of smart dialogue, good music, and a terrific Danny DeVito performance. DeVito is his usual funny, and easy-going self, while Gregory Peck is a strong-willed patriarch. Very good stuff there. The weakest performance is from Penelope Ann Miller, who isn't really convincing as the corporate attorney, but the material is so good that it saves the movie. This is a 5 star film, however, it loses a 1/2 star, because of the last scene, which feels a bit tacked on. Otherwise, a smart and funny film from the director of Moonstruck 
Boring and like most every other new horror movie. Lame mask,I think the awful movie Cut used this mask also,who cares I suppose. This goes with all the other pathetic new era horror movies(Scream,I Know What You Did,Valentine,Urban Legend,Cut etc..) so bottom line don't waste your time,stick with 80's Slashers 
Its been a long time since I have laughed this much!!!! Getting down to "the nitty gritty" it is an enjoyable comedy. The chemistry between Jack Black "Nacho" and Hector Jimenez "Esqueleto" is what makes the movie so funny. His accent was not Mexican but very funny. My family and I just loved the movie, which I think we have seen 5 times in the theatre 
I can't imagine why Madonna, Janet Jackson, or Michael Jackson's VMA performances were not included in this DVD. The most influential artists in videos and performance were excluded. I don't understand. It is a travesty. I hope MTV releases more of the VMA performances with Madonna, Janet, and Michael. I'll buy this one in hopes they will release a really great complilation of VMA performances 
"Kelly's Heroes" is an odd, yet quite enjoyable war movie. This 1970's comedic, cinematic take on WWII, mixes genres such as the suicide mission/action film, the crime/caper film and the army comedy. In other words, take a lot of "The Dirty Dozen", mix a bit of "Ocean's 11" and add in some "M*A*S*H" plus "Catch-22" and you'll have "Kelly's Heroes". The film features a battered U.S. Army infantry unit, which has been on the front lines since landing at Omaha Beach. All they have on there minds is a little R, that includes booze broads. That is until Pvt. Kelly (Clint Eastwood) interrogates (with a bottle of brandy) a captured German intelligence officer, who tells him about a Nazi convoy transporting 16 million dollars worth of gold bars. Kelly hatches a plan for his unit to go thirty miles into enemy held territory and steal the gold from a small French bank, that is being vigorously guarded by three Nazi 'Tiger' tanks. I know in this day and age it might sound rather odd, but this is one war movie, that is not only suspenseful, but is also a whole lot of fun! Is it an accurate portrayle of WWII? Probably not. (I doubt there were too many hippie tank commanders during the "Big One") This 1970 release pretty much through its' hilarious, sharp script has more of a Vietnam era mentality, which satiracally makes fun of both the army and it's attitudes about war. Unlike the John Wayne style war films of the past, these guys are hardly trying to be patriotic heroes, but they are just trying to make it through the war with their a**'s intact (and maby make a little profit on the side). The film features a large, talented cast, some of whom, were already stars and others, who later went on to become big names in both television and film. This includes Clint Eastwood, Telly Savalas, Donald Sutherland, Don Rickles, Caroll O'Connor, Gavin MacLeod, Stuart Margolin, Harry Dean Stanton and Len Lesser (Uncle Leo from TV's "Seinfeld"). How can you go wrong with a cast like that? If your in the mood for a good action picture with some big laughs mixed in, then I would highly recommend Kelly's Heroes" 
this must have seemed like a great idea at the time,"cast culkin against type as a killer child and show his range as an actor". the problem is his range is all the way from a to b. this movie never explains how or why the boy turns killer and asks us to except one too many "chance" happenings. in the end all we get is this "thriller"(and i use the term very loosely)that thinks just the idea of culkin as a killer is thrilling 
During my teenage years I was a fan of WWF wrestling and specifically, the Rock. He was a tremendous wrestler who the fans admired right away because of his talent to be extremely funny on the microphone and cut some of the funniest, most disgusting lines ever mentioned on WWF TV. His talent in the ring was spot-on, and the Rock would always give the people everything he had when it came time to step in the ring and compete. He rarely made a mistake in the ring... but he made a HUGE mistake stepping away from wrestling and walking down the path to Hollywood. It's not that Doom is really a bad movie. Sure, it was a movie considered a disappointment right from the get go because no one wanted to watch it at the movie theaters. It's just a normal, monster-shooting film that delivers a tiny amount of suspense, and that's it. I'm sure the movie would've been big had it been released 10 years ago. Todays generation is probably sick of go-nowhere do-nothing action films such as Doom. Okay, so it DOES go somewhere, but the film isn't really designed to build to an awe-inspiring creative story. Doom is the kind of movie you don't really want to seek out- you just happen to come across it at the video store and decide you need a quick 90-minute action fix, so you rent the movie, watch it, and then forget about it the next morning. Of course, I'm sure you don't forget to rewind the tape because that's impolite. The Rock never should have left wrestling. It was a bad career move and the millions of wrestling fans (and the Rock means MILLIONS) really miss him. Come back home, Rock. Please 
Is it a bad thing to see a movie and deem it good by standards different from which you would judge other movies? Let me explain. Broken Hearts Club is a good movie. A little corny and certainly more than a little predictable. It doesn't really do anything new. BUT, for a semi-mainstream gay film, it breaks all the rules. Breeder hunks play femme gay men. There is no one with AIDS in the whole story. There are butch gay men in this movie. And no, none of the gay men has a best friend who is a single, white, straight female. Can you handle it? The movie is entertaining. The plot is sweet. The best part of the film is the style in which it is broken up. Ala' the television show Frasier, the movie is split into sections by definitions flashed on screen to help explain the next scene. The best definition has to do with 'meanwhile'. 'Meanwhile' being the gay term to tell your friend when an attractive male walks by. And the movie itself is filled with 'meanwhiles.' Dean Cain looks especially nice in this film and pulls off the character of a pretty boy with ease. Go figure. John Frasier leaves his comfortable role of an ex-cop on Frasier to be the father-figure of this group of friends and the coach of their softball team. Andrew Keegan is the newbie of the group- recently outed gay man. Finally, Kerr Smith, who has been playing a gay character on Dawson's Creek for some time, play the token gay character on a softball team of macho, testosterone-oozing fireman 
Well I went to the concert and the whole time while I was watching it, I was glade they where coming out with a dvd because DVD can HOLD lots and LOTS AND LOTS of information and why would they cheap out and not put every artist with every song on here why I WOULD BE 100$ I don't care I want to see it all. And well I waited months and months, wondering waiting for it to come out, I went there with 3 other friends and it was the thing of a life time. Then it was time the P%$%# @%#T DVD of the century. THank you EMI for destroying a historial document so you can get all your SIGNED Contracts on to your DVD. Well now all I have to do is use my Time Machine and Get a tape ready and tape the Damn concert. Wait TIme machines doen't exist well now I am going ot have to go underground to get it. But wait I still $100 will EMI Release all the videos on DVD or do we have to go underground to get it from someone who tapped it and is selling it. All I can say this is why the internet was invented for INFORMATION EXCHANGE. If they keep information paticularly this Historical Document from people, they will share it over the internet. The video doesn't belong to 1 Company it belongs to the world, the world created this and WHO does EMI think they are by limiting this. I am so sick and tired of this utter B$%# @#$T. No one should settle for this, I demand more and Everyone should demand more also.3 Billion People watched 1 million spectaters. And what does EMI Tell you, they will put the crappiest DVD together and then make everyone take the videos down of there website. I believe I shall find them all and put them up on Wikipedia because it isn't 1 Person who owns the worlds creation. Anyone who believes in this should know what it means to them Every Extra CEnt of this DVD should go to AFrica and it doesnt it and its a Bloody shame. All I can say Is I am making sure this goes on to Every Review for this damned DVD untill something is done about it. VIVA LA RISTANCE : D -THE REAL LENBO 
see this it will shock you move you thrill you excite you chill you freak you out it's one amazing, strange movie it really takes a while to understand it at times but it has many valuable lessons one can learn Witherspoons performance is shattering and remarkable among other things. a great movie. will be seen more times then I can count the next times I play it in my playe 
Following Live 8 i have to wonder if Live Aid justifies the euphoria that followed it. Most people if honest would say that on the whole musically it was pretty bland and as for achieving its aims-well that's debatable. What it did manage to do was make Bob Geldof whom no matter how honourable his motive were done quite nicely out of it thank you. Before this his career was on the skids and now he is a household name, knighted by the monarchy and very,very rich. The same with U2 pushed them into the statosphere and made Bono think he is some sort of latter day prophet. Same with Queen pushed them into mega-stardom. So do musicians have a conscience or was it the chance to get maximum worldwide publicity, push their latest album all for fifteen minutes of stage time. Sounds pretty good to me. One can't help wonder that they could all give there royalties for the past year and wipe out the third world debt without coming on stage and screaming 'give me your money'. There was a shot(deleted of course) where backstage the good and the great were dining on expensive food and wine whilst up on stage was a backdrop of the starving. Another example of there hyprocrisy. Madonna singing 'imagine' on her latest tour '..imagine-no prosessions..yeah right! I can't help but think for all there posturing there was an eye on global exposure and a chance to feel good about themselves when they went back to their mansion and who would dispute that McCartneys version of 'let it be' was stomach churning? Face it the only musician (Peter Green ex-fleetwood mac) who wanted to give everything away to charity got certified. Proves a point 
I love Leslie Nielsen, but this movie is not funny. His better movies are Wrongfully Accused and the Naked Gun movies 
This DVD is the BESt DVD by far for how to dj. Awesome interviews and 2nd disc does excellent job of showing you all you need to know about how to dj. Do not waste money on other cheap and cheesy Dj dvds like I did, spend the extra few bucks and I knwo you will be happy with this purchase 
Another reviewer has said that 5 stars are not enough for this film. I'll second that opinion. If you have seen the remake with Michael Douglas, pretend you haven't and watch the way it SHOULD be done. If you've seen neither version of the film, get this one and get ready for anything. This is above all a classically sarcastic farce between two misfits who have amazing chemistry together. Both Peter Falk and Alan Arkin are marvelous craftsmen, and their combination of silliness and genuine rolicking humor is blended in an almost non-stop pace from beginning to end. Again (as I've said in other of my reviews), minor characters are important. Ed Begley as the CIA boss adds weight and color to that aspect of the plot, and Richard Libertini as the South American dictator (I've never seen him play a sane character) adds another kind of raucous fun. This is a comedy for anyone who appreciates true comedy. And if you meet anybody who has seen the film, just scream, "Surpentine! Surpentine!" and watch them fall apart 
This film gets 4 stars because the child actors shine so much in it. The plot is not very intriguing, and you know that nothing like this can happen in the real life, so it lacks this sense of reality. A dearly beloved child by perfect parents can never turn out to be a killer, which is exactly the point of this movie. However, this does keep you glued to the screen and wondering what will happen in the end, and the film is a delight to watch purely because the children are so cute. Elijah Wood is stunning, only due to his efforts can the film get some believability. Caulkin is perfect in this role too, portraying the bad boy, I have no idea why people would point out his acting as poor. Maybe only comparing to Elijah, but hey, he is widely consirered as one of the most talanted actors of his generation and the most talanted holywood child star ever, so no wonder you cannot compete with him... Anyway, this film is certainly worth watching as a family entertainment and is absolutely a must for Elijah Wood fans! 
this has got to be the WORST film I've ever seen. its not sad. Its not funny, jest over blow mellow dramatic garbage. I don't have any sympathy toward nick in this movie, because he does give you anything to work with or want to keep him. the actor is the worst of all. i cant tell if he's sad in some seens, or angry or jest retarded. I've seen some sad movies but this one jest sucks, I guess its aimed at a different time of homosexuals instead of the present. it probably worked better back in 96'. but this movie is SO SO SO BAD. its embarrassing. do not rent it or buy it or view it on television. NOTE'S: THIS FILM HAD SOME GREAT TALENT A song from Olivia Newton Jon, and (one of my most personal favorites) Mila AND my favorite comedians Margaret Cho. She's to good but...why this film, she (and Mila ) are to good for some want to be tearjerker movie like this. 
This DVD has a very bad image and sound. Altought it is a good movie, I don't recomend it if you are looking for a Charles Bronson movie for your collection due to its bad reproduction. No menu, no subtitles, no chapter selection. I wished I did not buy it 
I'm not going to write too much. If you need to hear more just check other reviews down here. From all the 3 episodes only the first one, by Kar-Wai, is worth your time. "The Hand" is well done and typical Kar-Wai. Beautifully shot by his usual contributor Christopher Doyle, it's the most compelling and sexy episode of the bunch. Gong Li, always very elegant, give us a powerful sexy scene and her presence establishes and guide the rest of the story. Well crafted but very predictable. The director lately seems to be referencing himself, which is halfway form self parody. "Equilibrium" is just a bad cinematic joke and absolutely non sexy. Other than a few gratuitous and unrelated naked shots, is a simple and boring exchange between Downey Jr. playing an adman and his analyst played by Arkin. But the worst by far is the Antonioni's episode. Is just so poorly done and acted that is an embarrassment. The, once, great director should have just retired by now (he was 91 in 2004) and let the rest of the world appreciate his masterpieces 
For a topic this edgy, this is an incredibly dull film. The actors are good enough, mind you. But they can only do so much, because the real problem with this film is the script. For the first twenty minutes or so of screen time, the viewer is led through a series of confusing and rather disconnected scenes involving the perpetually discontented Natalie and the nice young man who turns out to be her younger brother. (You *might* not pick up on that fact at first, since there are minimal references to it in the first third of the film--certainly the two *look* nothing alike.) Finally the main part of the plot begins, with Natalie just as discontented, despite being married to a wealthy and quirky-but-ultimately-nice guy (Alan Rickman, for whose sake I watched this film at all--not worth it), and with her brother seemingly happy with his life, but somehow still willing to be drawn into a sexual relationship with his sister. From that point, things spiral--no, that's too dynamic a word to describe it--*mosey* out of control, with the fickle sister trying to break off the affair, the poor brother (the only particularly sympathetic character in the film) becoming obsessed with the relationship, and the worried hubby's suspicions growing (although not in the right direction). There's so much here that *could* have been fascinating and compelling, but isn't, on any level. The plot just wanders aimlessly through an only semi-believable situation, scattering out the occasional pebble of human misery with its slogging feet. This video seems to have disappeared from most rental shops--mercifully for the public--but I certainly wouldn't recommend resorting to buying it. 
Bonhoeffer was a very informative, very interesting video. I first decided to watch it at the urge of my pastor. I watched the portion that PBS showed, and I wanted to see more, so I bought the DVD. I am glad that I did 
This DVD is edited from the original version. This movie is HOT, the cut DVD is NOT 
This is a terrible missues of one of Asimovs greatest novels. The relevance to the novel is only marginal. Will Smith is (as usual) doing a terrible job at being an action hero. He should have stayed with the sit-coms 
I really hate how all these exercise videos are repackaged and called something different. It's damn confusing. At any rate, just be aware that if you buy "Sleek Physique" (ALSO called "SLIM Physique" in different packaging!) from Karen Voight you are getting to same stuff from this DVD. Shame 
I looked at the name (Groovaloos) and I looked at the cover -- and my gut told me not to get this DVD. I went against my gut and believed the reviews; I wish I'd listened to my gut. For those of you who think it looks and sounds a little hokey, you're right on the money. They can all dance, but compared to what I expected, they seemed mediocre. Here's the lowdown: (1) the sound sucks - they're in a city park and you can hear the instructions fine, but the music isn't loud enough to really "feel" something that makes you want to move, (2) they just seem like a group of people who don't naturally have a rhythm, but they've learned some moves; it's SO not inspiring, (3) it's not edgy enough, and (4) it looks good if you've got a group doing it, but when someone's doing it alone, it's just okay. Overall, this DVD was okay, but not great. Get it only if you're truly desperate 
Brilliant is an often overworked phrase, but in the case of *Hamlet* starring Mel Gibson, the word cannot be used enough. For brevity's sake, I will save Zeffirelli's cudos for another time and place except to say that he has done a good thing. This review is for Chris Devore and his beautiful working and dramturgy of the more than difficult Shakespeare script. Devore somehow makes it better. Were he in London, late 1500's, he would have been a collaborator, making Will's work the pearl it is today. My only plea is that, at some date, we will get to see Gibson give the advice to the players which was omitted so that other pieces could be spared. This may have been Glenn Close's best work. This is not a complaint, but rather a sign that anyting else she may have or has done cannot be any better than this wonderful, small role. Ophelia (Close) has an important commentary that must be heard in order for the play to work - Will was no fool - and it needs a Close to do it. Alan Bates has been a staple of English theatre and screen and has delivered many fine parts (such as Gabriel Oaks in *Far From the Madding Crowd*, 1967). As Claudius, the regicide and brother of Hamlet, Senior, Bates makes you believe that his reign could have been noble except for that one small cancer, that flaw in his character - very clintonian and very believable. I have wanted to kick Ian Holm's ever since Ash hurt Ripley in *Alien*, 1979. I have to keep reminding myself that he really is that believable and that I really don't hate him, It's the character he has created so well. His body of work is repleat with characters of such believability that you forget his name - IAN HOLM - until he does it again, the next time, in the next movie. If films were strictly Hasidic, Holm's version of Polonius would be Kosher. There is not one piece of ham in his entire performance. It is worth the purchase of the DVD just to see him act. Everyone is good in the movie and there is not time to talk about all of them. But a note to those whose noses are airbourne and won't tolerate anyone but Olivier as Hamlet. There are several uneven performances in his excellent movie. There are no uneven performances in this piece. Finally, we come to the mad prince of Denmark. It is most astonishing that I watched this epic again after Mel's dark night of the troll, thrashing about in complete insanity, arguably brought on by hard likker, frustration, and stupidity. Yet with all said, Gibson IS the essential Hamlet. You will find no other actor who delivers the goods the way the Cruiser from the Boozer does. You know this is true, not just by watching the exquisite performance on the DVD, but by Gibson's own marvelling at what was accomplished, not because of some actor's raison d'etre, but rather by the actor's very ability to understand that he is dealing with things that go beyond the ken of normal humans. IS Hamlet crazy, or crazy like a fox? And when is he crazy we get to hear Mel say in the devastating interview he made for the DVD release many years gone by. So, enough from me. If you want to see the best Hamlet ever, buy this DVD and feast. - Dick Anderso 
Since I was a child I have patiently anticipated the battle of evil versus evil. It was discussed in school yards and in the lunch room, at slumber parties and later when I started working as a clerk in a grocery store. It was a never ending argument- Who would win in the battle of Freddy and Jason? In my youth children spoke of some underground video tape that contained a battle between the two monsters, but I don't think that it ever existed and if it did I have never laid my eyes on such a relic, but finally the horror movie to end all was released onto the big screen and later on to DVD. It was everything I hoped for. There was blood, brief nudity and really bad jokes. That is the unholy trinity of horror. The plot wasn't horrible, it was actually pretty good for a fright flick. Freddy hasn't graced the silver screen since 1994 when Wes Craven presented "New Nightmare" and he kept his integrity intact in my opinion. Jason Vorhees on the other hand made the space film "Jason X" as his last trip to the theatres, and if you haven't seen it yet don't bother you didn't miss much. I liked how the movie gave a back story to Jason's life at Crystal Lake and it showed that Krueger is conniving and manipulative with getting Jason to go along with his plan to kill on Elm Street once again. Obviously Jason is a big dumb animal and does not need much convincing. The cinematography and directing were excellent, I thought the music was done well, and most importantly the film stayed true to the original story line. The only thing that upset me was after all these years waiting for this battle to come I was wrong about who would be victorious. 
Margarett Mitchell must be rolling in her grave. She wrote a masterpiece in the 1930's, then Alexandra Ripley bought the rights to her book by conning Margaret Mitchell's heirs to sell out the legacy of their relative. Alexandra Ripley's novel was an embarrasing pile of mush, even worse than a Barbara Courtland romance novel. Beautiful costumes and a good cast - but the script is a soap opera and very poorly written with too many cliche's. The TV movie version is even worse than Alexandra Ripley's book. I would have given this movie zero stars - but gave it 2 stars solely for the world class acting of Sean Bean as the deliciously evil Lord Fenton. Sean Bean heats up the screen as a sexy, feral villian along the lines of "The Man You Love to Hate" as an unsafe sex symbol. Unless you are a Sean Bean fan, there is nothing worthwhile about this film. The script is trite, cliche'd and very slow moving. Sean Bean is only in Disc 1 and his character is eliminated and the movie slides downhill from there. Disc 2 is overwrought with very boring, drawn out courtroom scenes...I was almost rooting that Scarlett would be hanged for the murder just to see an end to this movie! I've always liked Joanna Whaley-Kilmer and Timothy Dalton. They are excellent actors wasted in this pile of mush movie. Ann-Margaret's performance as Belle Watling is so bad I wanted to slap her. Do yourself a favor and watch the original Gone With the Wind starring Clark Gable and Vivien Leigh if you want to see a wonderful film 
This movie was a bit lame for me. Robin Williams relied on his same old schtick for the whole movie, and the supporting cast wasn't much better, but the worst thing about this movie is that nearly the whole thing is shot in front of a green screen. Even if this had been a good movie, the green screen was very distracting. I would have given it 3 stars without all of the green screen stuff 
If you enjoy movies with random terrorist executions, religious cults, Andy Kaufman as a mass murdering cop, alien abductions, bizarre sexual anatomies, etc (Don't we all?), you will LOVE this one. Alone in its genre 
This tepid,disappointing sequel is far better than Beyond the Re-Animator but dosen't equal a good sequel to the excellent original. Dr.Herbert West and his friend Dan re-animate dead bodies and when Dan's girlfriend is dying she is re-animated just like Bride of Frankenstein. The gore effects are good including the crawling eyeball but the movie becomes tedious and more predictable as it goes along. The new director Brian Yuzna does a good job taking over Stuart Gordon but this movie fails to entertain and make watchable that this looks like a Sci/Fi channel movie that would debut on TV and the movie is just disappointing compared to the first with a new cast(Except Jeffrey Combs and Bruce Abbott),lower production values and lower budget,and tepid to atrocious acting. If you seen the first your not missing much but for some reason you can recommend this instead of Beyond the Re-Animator. 
`Sophie Scholl - Die letzten Tage' (`Sophie Scholl - The Final Days') follows the last six days of the life of Sophie Scholl, member of `The White Rose' small anti-Nazi organization that protested against Hitler through the non-violence method in the war-time Munich. Her life had been filmed in Germany twice before - `The White Rose' by Michael Verhoeven, and `The Five Last Days' by Percy Adlon both in 1982. Unfortunately I haven't seen them, but the fact proves that this anti-war organization during the WWII in Germany, some part of which still remain mystery, has been always a very fascinating topic in that country. Now, using the unpublished materials that were unavailable then, German director Marc Rothemund made another film based on this important episode in the German history. This time he gives stress to the realistic description of the last six days of Sophie Scholl, a 21-year-old college student who was arrested with her brother during the political activities against the Nazi in 1943. Actually Sophie was only posting and scattering the anti-Hitler fliers in college campus, but that was enough for the Nazi; at first, however, they were not sure. Sophie is just an ordinary student, and the Nazi interrogator Robert Mohr was not convinced. The film spends considerable time in depicting the dialogues between Sophie Scholl and Robert Mohr, and the rising tension between two real-life characters, supported by historical material and strong acting, is one of the most impressive parts of the film. Consequently the film becomes a bit talky sometimes, but both Julia Jentsch (`The Edukators') and Gerald Alexander Held did a fantastic job as two realistic persons with souls, without making them too saintly or monstrous. If you're looking for the facts about The White Rose itself, you may be disappointed. The behaviors of Sophie and Hans, her brother, before their arrest by the police look incredibly reckless, far from that of organized resistance. The film would not tell you much about what the group was really doing before they were caught because it is about the spiritual transformation of Sophie Scholl. I don't know anything about the historical accuracy of the film, but it is clear that the filmmakers took great care to present the most accurate portrait of Sophie Scholl (see the detailed procedures of the court, for example). Because of that, the film sometimes gets slower than it should be, but still the powerful acting from the actors are as fascinating as this historical event itself. But the strongest, or I should say, the most shocking part of the film is waiting for you at the end of the film. One image still haunts my mind, which I can't tell you of course, but all I can say is, prepare for one sequence that is more unnerving and disturbing any suspense or horror films. Like `Downfall' another gripping German film about the Nazi, `Sophie Scholl - Die letzten Tage' gives you a realistic image of a human during the war. And this is a heart-wrenching story about one real-life person that lived an extraordinary life. 
Pearl Jam seem to be making a comeback witht their live performances at present, but this DVD shows the band at a less than impressive peak. They all look like they're pretty bored (especially compared with their previous shows) and have eaten to much throughout the tour before going on stage. A good DVD to avoid 
For those seeking a captivating 99 minute escape from reality into a beautifully filmed, flawlessly written, directed acted world of fantasy this is the must see movie for you. The character's Ryan (Ryan Kelly), Melanie (Hayden Panettiere), and Grandpa (Armin Mueller-Stahl) will collectively take you on a memorable journey you'll want to take over and over. The "special feature" music video (Someone Like You)of Hayden is worth the purchase price in itself. Pop a bag of popcorn, and invite the whole family over for this one,..they will be thanking you afterward. 
From start to finish a total waste of time. I viewed this movie with some of the single women from my church including a recently married woman, we were all appalled at how desparate this "Pamela" was note to the director not all women waiting on God are that desparate. The so called Christian principals in this movie were laughable. At the end of the movie I found myself apologizing to my guests for wasting their time 
3 short films?!?!? thats it?? i feel severly ripped off even after i picked this up used! it feels like the skits that didnt make creephow 1 were mushed together onto this. chief wooden head isnt scary at all. if you think that is scary, you are easily frightened. the raft is defiantely the best on here by far. that blob thing does creep me out i shall admit. especially the ending to it!! the hitchhiker is so stupid i felt moronic for viewing this. there is nothing scary or funny about a bloody zombie that says "thanks for the ride lady" over and over. i just want to know why anchor bay released a stellar edition if this heap of scrap when they could have done creepshow 1 instead. that one is better. two stars for "the raft" if only they all held up like that story.. 
Hospitals are inherently spooky. Scenes of so much pain and death, the very walls soaking up the agony through the years, they can slowly affect the minds and souls of those that work there. The hospital in "Infection" ("Kansen") is in particularly bad shape. Losing money, unable to keep staff, the doctors and nurses working there are under-qualified and desperate. Into this unstable environment comes a strange patient, with a black, infectious rash. Slowly, the rash spreads, revealing a terrifying disease that liquidates the insides of a human's body, slowly driving the staff insane with fear and anticipation. But all is not as it seems, even then. I'm impressed that, even watching as much J-Horror as I do, "Infection" still managed to creep me out. It was unexpectedly good. Director Masayuki Ochiai knows the things in a hospital that can make you cringe, and he uses them to their fullest extent. He also keeps you guessing as to exactly what kind of horror movie this is. Is it about a devastating biological infection? Are those ghosts? Is that a serial killer? All of his images and slow revelations of the story keep making less and less sense, disorientating you just when you think you have a handle on it, until the final page is revealed and it all comes crashing home. "Infection" isn't quite a gross-out flick, like "Ichi the Killer," but it definitely relies on visual shock for its scares while keeping a good atmosphere. If anything, it manages to combine the creepy mood of J-Horror ghost films like "Ring" while still delivering on cringe-worthy gore. One scene in particular had me going. When you see the movie, you will know what it was. As part of the "J-Horror Theater" series, and directer by a relatively new-comer who's experience has mainly been doing horror TV shows, I didn't have high expectations for this film. I thought it would be a cheap job, done to cash in on the current J-Horror fad. I was wrong. It is quite a well made little horror flick, not outstanding or groundbreaking, but really excellent for what it is 
This movie does not make sense. And it's not weird in the style of David Lynch, it's just complete crap. I thought Willie Wonka and The Chocolate Factory was the worst/stupidest fil ever until i saw this. Do not buy this. It is not a family movie, and it is not funny or entertaining 
His Girl Friday is an OK movie about newspaper reporters in the early part of the 20th century. I think it was supposed to be funny, and it may have been at the time, but most of the dialog was lost on me 
This is an extremely dry anime. The manga version by Masamune Shirow is filled with bits of humor. Not so for the anime. The character Batou was especially funny in the manga, but, for reasons unknown, he is the driest character in the already humorless anime version. Expect long scenes filled with monotonous talking. These really make the movie crawl. One minute there's action, next you're listening to Matoko or Batou go on and on about existentialism. Seriously, these little talks, take up 3/4 of the movie. The visuals are awesome, no question about that. Even so, they do not fulfill the need for SOME kind of thread of a story. Altogether, not much actually, HAPPENS during the movie. If you must see it, rent it first to be sure you want it 
Filming the story of Gloriana is a virtual guarantee of success for a production studio, from Warner Brothers to BBC. The Virgin Queen still retains her power to enthrall, intrigue and mystify these 500 years after she came to the throne. She was perhaps England's last true absolute monarch, and certainly one of its greatest, if not most famous. Since the advent of film, she has been one of the most coveted roles to play. Indeed, few monarchs have been so closely chronicled, save perhaps her own father, Henry VIII, and Victoria. She has been portrayed by some of the most brilliant actresses: Sarah Bernhardt, Bette Davis, Judi Dench, Judith Anderson, Miranda Richardson, Flora Robson, Cate Blanchett, Helen Mirren, even Quentin Crisp, and most famously, and importantly, Glenda Jackson. And it must be said without doubt that Glenda Jackson's "Elizabeth R" is the defining portrait-- the most accomplished, historically accurate, and masterfully acted. Glenda Jackson is Elizabeth I reincarnate; there is simply none better, and likely never will be. So now we have Anne-Marie Duff in the red wig for 230 Masterpiece Theatre minutes. Perhaps for the sake of revisionists, we are offered a far less imperious monarch, one who is both reactive (the real one was) and passive (the real one was not). Duff is an odd choice. No beauty like Cate Blanchett, but Elizabeth was known for vanity, not beauty. Duff's Elizabeth, with quivering lip and watercolor behavior, seems filmed underwater, and make for an undesirable monarch-- certainly not the Gloriana of myth or fact. Where is her famous wit, her coy manipulations, her strong moral fiber, her intense devotion to state and loyal courtiers? Left with Glenda Jackson, I suppose. This Elizabeth is a simpering, love-struck maiden or a crass, 60-something hag (and only then do we see bits of fire in the performance). Hag works; crass manages; simpering loses the whole impact. A suavely elegant, very attractive and distinctly healthy Queen Mary I opens Elizabeth's story (no Catharine Parr, no Thomas Seymour, no childhood) but is quickly dispatched. Just as well, for she's thoroughly ill-cast--Mary was none of those things. (Far better was the wonderful Kathy Burke in the Blanchett version, though she was a bit of a Protestant caricature). Daphne Slater in the Jackson series was far more appealing, and perfectly written. Elizabeth's transition from prisoner to crown is possibly the greatest story of her long life. No part of her history defines and creates her personality more than these years-- the abuse by Seymour, imprisonment, exile, and finally her accession. Unfortunately, much of this key period is sped through. The fatal flaw in the series is the decision to cast Elizabeth mooning incessantly over Robert Dudley, later Earl of Leicester, here played by a childish, petulant Tom Hardy. There is no chemistry here; he is pretty, but vacant. Glenda Jackson's Dudley, Robert Hardy (no relation that I know of), is a bit of a fop, but he knows his place in court and Elizabeth's heart. Their chemistry is clear. This version of Dudley is a bit ridiculous-- how he would claim the Queen's heart for more than 30 years is a mystery in this performance. So is most of the casting (what's with the acrobat?) An egregious error in this production is the portrayal of suicide by Dudley's long-suffering wife Amy Robsart, whose death at 26 in 1560 remains to this day a mystery. More time should have been spent on the wooing of Elizabeth by the French Duc d'Alencon, who very nearly came to be her husband (again, the 1971 Glenda Jackson version handles this segment masterfully). All too soon and without sufficient explanation, we become immersed in the historically key, decades-long battle of wills and imprisonment of the impetuous Mary, Queen of Scots-- Elizabeth's 2nd cousin, granddaughter of Henry VIII's older sister Margaret, whose claim to the English throne made her a rallying point of Catholics, and a very real threat to Elizabeth (it was Mary's son James who succeeded Elizabeth in 1603, founding the ill-fated House of Stuart). Far more attention should have been paid to the case for and subsequent execution of Mary, Queen of Scots, which was Elizabeth's darkest hour-- forever bloodying her saintly propaganda. Likewise, more attention should have been given to Walshingham, Elizabeth's master of subversion, although William Cecil, Lord Burghley, is given fair due. The decisive Armada happens much too quickly, lessening its impact and giving far too much time to be spent on the stormy relationship of Elizabeth and Robert Devereaux, Earl of Essex, portrayed by Hans Matheson, who is cast and directed as a bad-tempered, bipolar "Mama's Boy" (a very strange Oedipal twist here) whose hair, look and even attire speak far more to 2005 than 1585. The entire second half of the production is brought down by this admittedly strange relationship, here given a basketful of psychological issues left to the viewer to consider unraveling. The casting is awful, the acting mediocre, the personality baffling. This Essex is a wreck-- blame the revisionist director. Two significant annoyances: Elizabeth's (Duff's) accent isn't simply London middle-class, which would be fine, but stands in stark contrast to everyone else's appropriate English diction and clarity. She comes off as a guttersnipe. And worse of all-- distracting to the utmost-- is the incessant soundtrack that dominates--and not pleasantly-- the action and plot of the movie. The sheer volume of it is horrendous, to say nothing of the attempts at mixing courtly historical period music with Essex's electric guitar. My suggestion here is to rent this one, watch it as long as you can, and then return to Davis, Blanchett, Jackson, or even Dench. Overall, a disappointment. Were it not for 95% historical accuracy and enjoyable period costumes-- plus the decent acting (most of the problems are the director's fault, don't blame the actors), it would have earned one star. But this Queen is no legend, and this cast is horrendous. An inglorious Gloriana. 
This is a pretty good collection for the Mickey beginner. I wouldn't purchase it however if you already have the Walt Disney Treasures "Mickey Mouse in Living Color" series because all the shorts are on those DVDs as well 
This is a wonderful collection of horror pictures made by MGM and Warner Brothers during the Thirties. Neither studio was noted for horror pictures, but the ones they did make are unforgettable to fans of the genre as well as late night movie addicts. Following is a synopsis of the films contained in the collection: THE MASK OF FU MANCHU (MGM, 1932) - Boris Karloff is wonderfully creepy as Sax Rohmer's evil genius, Dr. Fu Manchu. It would not be the last time Karloff played a Chinese, as he later starred as Mr. Wong in Monogram's low budget detective series later in the decade. The plot concerns a race between good guy Lewis Stone and Fu Manchu to find the tomb of Ghengis Khan. If Fu Manchu gets there first he will possess the magical relics placed there which, in turn, will allow him to enslave the world. Look for a young Myrna Loy in a delightful turn as Fu's diabolical, and scantily-clad, daughter. DOCTOR X (WB, 1932) - A good early effort by Michael Curtiz concerning the "Moon Killer" murders in which the victims are strangled, cannibalized and surgically dissected under the light of the full moon. Wise-cracking reporter Lee Tracy traces the clues to a spooky seaside mansion, where Dr. Xavier (Lionel Atwill) and his colleagues are conducting strange experiments. Made in early two-strip Technicolor, the film is wonderfully atmospheric, and the sets themselves will linger in your mind. Aside from the irritating Lee Tracy as reporter Lee Taylor, the acting is crisp and to the point. Atwill in particular is eerie. Fay Wray is good as Xavier's daughter. I won't give any more of the plot away, but just remember the phrase "synthetic flash." Once heard, it will linger in the mind always. MARK OF THE VAMPIRE (MGM, 1935) - Tod Browning's remake of his "London After Midnight" with Bela Lugosi as the vampire, Count Mora, and Lionel Atwill as Inspector Newman. In the original, both roles were played by Lon Chaney. The plot concerns the death of Sir Karell Borotyn, who appears to have been killed by vampire Count Mora. Fearing that the vampire's next victim will be Borotyn's daughter, Irena (Elizabeth Allan), vampire expert Professor Zelen (Lionel Barrymore) is called I to protect her and shed some light on the goings-on. Look for Carroll Borland as the Count's daughter (a role played by Edna Tichenor in the original). MAD LOVE (MGM, 1935) - One of the great plots in horror film history, and one that has been repeated many times. Colin Clive plays the brilliant concert pianist Stephen Orlac, whose hands are crushed in a train accident. His wife, Yvonne, is a noted stage actress whose ardent admirer is Dr. Gogol (Peter Lorre). Although she rejected Gogol previously, she is forced to seek his help in restoring her husband's hands. Gogol replaces Orlac's hands with those of executed knife thrower Rollo, and the fun begins. Clive is his usual tortured, neurotic self and Lorre is brilliant as the oily monomaniacal Gogol. Pauline Keal, in her book on Citizen Kane, stated that Welles copied Lorre's look for the older Kane. THE DEVIL DOLL (MGM, 1936) - Tod Browning's last great film is about as respected Parisian banker (Lionel Barrymore), who is framed for robbery and murder and sent to Devil's Island. Years later he escapes in the company of a scientist who has discovered a way to shrink living things to one-sixth their original size. Barrymore finds a new use for the scientist's discovery as a means of revenge on those who had framed him. THE RETURN OF DOCTOR X (WB, 1939) - The famous Humphrey Bogart punishment picture! After years of complaining about his one-dimensional gangster roles, it was said that Jack Warner decided to teach Bogie a lesson and put him in the role of a vampiric lab assistant who needs freshly drained blood in order to stay alive. Bogart is a hoot in pasty-faced white makeup and a grey streak through his hair. Wayne Morris play the wise-cracking reporter who exposes Bogie as the killer. (Tough job considering the makeup). Look for Olin Howard (Jensen the drunk in Them! and the Blob's first victim) as the undertaker. This film has never before been released on either VHS or DVD, so it is a welcome find for horror fans and Bogart fans as well 
totally disappointed..whole series is a joke...should be call Guys Act Stupid...amature editing and directing. 
The only thing worse than seeing this movie is the fact that it plays automatically all over again when it's over. This is a glorified music video of horrible music. Jim Carey should not be on the cover of this movie either, as he is in about 15 to 20% of the whole thing. They should have had whoever the musical artist was. I honestly don't even know the plot of this movie, and I'm not kidding. I laughed so hard out loud ... when I had to read the back of the DVD case to remember what it was supposed to be about. The sound? They interlaced two songs (one in your right speaker, one in your left) that don't even match. If you want an idea for a good movie, read the back of this DVD case, and follow that plot, as the director sure steered clear of it. Alan Thicke ... I thought I knew ye! Oh, and I gave it one star only because I couldn't find the "Give me my money back" option. ***EDIT*** It's currently selling at $.16 in the used section. That says something right there. It's almost tempting to buy to give to people. I go to a university out in OKC, and we've passed it around the dorm telling everyone "It's the best movie ever! It's SO funny!" blah blah blah ... then, they get mad after they lose an hour of their life, but have no problem passing it around to others and doing the same to them 
This DVD is explaining things better than the previous version, where there were lot of gaps in understanding some of the areas of quantum theory etc. Some of the theories are wonderfully animated and explained. The crytal-photography on water meditated upon by the Japanese monk was especially awesome. They have tried their best to explain stuff that cant be easily explained by the western(modern)science .... ofcourse.....it ends in letting you ponder....they have left most of it there. There after one has to go into religion and spirituality - particularly one place where to begin looking for would be at the "Sanathana Dharma" teachings 
This is just like an updated B movie from the sixties and I enjoyed it. It's real comic book stuff. The effects are not bad, the pace hardly flags and the cast seem to be enjoying themselves so it's easy viewing. I enjoyed this more than big budget films such as Evolution or Jurassic Park 3. But I think the absence of big names will put people off, not that it matters because the cast here do a fine job. And if big names don't matter to you then you could do a lot worse than watch this 
Despite the mixed reviews the critics and other viewers may have given this movie, this is really pretty sick stuff, with little or no redeeming social context. Objectively, sick just isn't erotic, no matter how hard one may try to rationalize to make it so. Those who think differently really ought to either: (a) focus a little more; (b) examine their true motives; or (c) get a life 
Beware the reviews that say this is an underrated classic and masterpiece and all that. Was real disappointed by 9th Gate. This film is tepid, there is none of the satanic intensity/ambiance that you find in 'Rosemary's Baby' It's too Hollywood, surprisingly, considering the maverick presence of Depp/Polanski. Film opens well, with a suicide and Depp's opportunistic character who seems to straddle the moral fence, but it never creates the proper mood or atmosphere. Exorcist 3, which I was equally disappointed in, at least was more satanic. I won't spoil anything for those who do want to see it, but the showdown scene between Depp and those he is purusing is awkward and poorly directed. Emmanuelle Seigner comes across more like a hippy chick than a Demona. And the 'showdown with the devil' is a letdown to say the least. This film could have been great but Polanski dropped the ball, considering he was the producer/director/co-screenwriter, and the film fails in all three areas. It's not horrible, so I give it 2 stars. But don't buy this film, rent it only. Buy Angel Heart instead 
AND THAT IS BORING AND SNOBISH! I watched the first two hours of this and coudn't keep awake. The narritor's voice was monotone. I wanted to shout at his pompous, snobish demeanor SHUT UP!! In my opinion is not the proper way to educate is to entertain at all god's peoples. With the narritor, granted he is educated but does he have to shove his creditals and his attitude from the gecko. When you take people on a educating journey (such as nine hours long) invite them like you would invite into a warm a loving welcoming home. I felt with his demeanor and atitude felt beat up and like I was crawling on my hands and knees through out the first two hours. I am not watching the rest of the seven hours and returning this DVD set back to the library and saying "Check Please". 
I had been aware that once there was a show called "Mr. Show", starring Bob and David, and that it had been on HBO. But I had never been compelled to buy any of their DVDs until this weekend, when the power of Satan...um, compelled me to pick up the first two seasons. All I gotta say is: Praise Satan for leading me to this glory! The first season, comprised of four episodes, is fantastic, with flashes of brilliance on "The Gay Porno Video", but it's the second season that really will make you a fan. Such oddities as F.F. Woodycooks, Only The British Can Fly, Child-Labor Comedy Writers, the Iguana, and Jeepers Creepers: Semi-Star unleash the funny like you'd never believe. Mr. Show proves that there is a market for intelligent, hilarious sketch comedy...on cable, or in the case of KITH and Monty Python, imported from other countries. But Mr. Show is homegrown, it's comedy at a breakneck speed, and there's never a dull moment in either season. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll learn how to fight crime with a "crime stick" and ice cream, and enjoy tofu-based products while your business goes to hell...led by a red balloon. "The security guard and I shared something in common...Me! 
I spent ten years working various scenes at the Trinity Church Hellhouse. Yes, it is a bit campy, and yes, it is often over the top, but I can say that the people are well intentioned, just a bit off target. I attended Trinity Church from birth until I was 22 years old. I do not attend their anymore because of the close-minded attitude that is prevalant in this documentary. I stopped doing HellHouse when they added the decision room my last year. I just felt it was an un-biblical scare tactic. I now feel that way about the entire operation. The worst feeling I get is knowing the young teenagers are blindly following the leadership without doing any research themselves. I know because I was once one of them. I have found that a growing number of former Trinity Youth Group members my age do not attend there for the same reasons I listed above. This movie will open your eyes to the way teens are herded like cattle in fundamentalist Christian Churches. 
What movie was every one else watching? Certainly not this one. Very, very, slow. Disjointed story line. I hate to be a bore but this was boring. Enjoy 
The film shows us the reality that is Wal-Mart, many common criticisms, and many common misconceptions. It successfully shows that all of the criticisms against Wal-Mart are outright lies, half-truths, distortions of facts, or just plain ideological hatred for a successful business. It shows what the employees go through while on the job and off the job. It also shows how Wal-Mart has actually increased America's standard-of-living by allowing the poorest of us to purchase our daily necessities at the lowest price possible and the least-skilled amongst us able to attain high-quality health benefits and a decent wage. Wal-Mart is not a perfect business, and it never will be. No business is perfect. Unfortunately, many people do not ever cope with this fact, and don't seem capable of it. They compare Wal-Mart to the "perfect" business which does not exist, and then have the audacity to complain when Wal-Mart does not fit their non-existant model of perfection 
I was a teenager in the 80's, so I love all of the old 80's teen movies, but Some Kind of Wonderful makes my top three. The performances were believable - the actors became the characters, not the other way around. Eric Stoltz is a level headed mechanic from the wrong side of the tracks (literally) who wants to pursue art instead of business. Mary Stuart Masterson is his best friend, a tomboy drummer who is secretly in love with him. Lea Thompson is the beautiful girl from their neighborhood who made it into the inner circle of popular rich kids on the basis of her beauty - and her boyfriend. Craig Scheffer is the rich bully boyfriend - and the only off note. Keith (Eric Stoltz) is interested in Amanda (Lea Thompson) and takes the opportunity to ask her out when she breaks up with her boyfriend. To spite the boyfriend, she says yes. Watts (Mary Stuart Masterson) predicts trouble and their friendship is tested. My favorite line from the movie is when Keith defends Amanda, claiming, "You can't judge a book by its cover." Watts cynically replies, "Yeah, but you can tell how much it's gonna cost." Finally Watts agrees to help Keith prepare for the date, including helping him "practice kissing" - and it's a doozy of a kiss. Throw in John Ashton as Keith's father, Maddie Corman as his meddlesome sister, and Elias Koteas as the scary guy Keith befriends in detention, and you have a "wonderful" movie 
The picture book of the same name by Chris Van Allsberg is one of my favorite Christmas stories of all times. So I was pretty excited to hear Hollywood was making a movie version and a great actor like Tom Hanks was a leading participant. What a disappointment! The movie's tone is empty and wintery at best and at worst downright creepy. There are macabre touches throughout the movie with the most memorable being a mysterious hobo (apparently supernatural?) who appears on top of the train from time to time and utters interesting Christmas messages such as "Do you believe in Ghosts?" The "lighter" scenes are so frenzied and overblown they do nothing to give the viewer a more cheerful holiday feeling. Admittedly I saw the movie in DVD format on the small screen and I am told many of the scenes played better in 3D. Yet "The Polar Express" still remains a highly unusual and uniquely unmerry Christmas movie especially for a presumed target audience of families with young children. 
Das Boot is an epic film that is very well done. I loved the suspense and terrific character moments. The thrills are well paced and we get a feeling of the boredom and terror of living in a Nazi U-boat in the midst of the Atlantic during 1941 WWII. Going 60 days with no sight of the enemy helps show the epic nature of the ocean. The three week storm is well crafted and adds so much more tension to the film. This movie is now one of the top ten movies of all time for me. In viewing the DVD, I chose to turn on English Subtitles while also selecting the English 2.0 spoken language. What is interesting is how the english dub has paraphrased certain lines and in others totally changed every meaning behind the statements. I'm talking about the line that, in German, reads something like "I can't wait to get back home and f**k the h*ll out of a few wild wh**es!" is rewritten and dubbed as "When I get home I'm going to shower and sleep until December!" Quite a drastic change. But of course, sailors in the German Navy use language that I suppose is unacceptable - even in an "R" rated movie - for English audiences... There are more than fifteen conversations of that nature that have been translated into English subtitles from the German language spoken in the original dub of the film, while the English dub is totally different. Later in the film, there are even lines shown in subtitles that are not spoken at all in the English dub. Very interesting and fun to watch. Even with the subtitles on, I enjoyed this movie from start to finish. I love the epic movies that run well over two and a half hours. This one clocks in at a good four and a half hours! It draws you in and keeps you going from the very first moment to the very last explosion... One of the best war movies I have ever seen! One of the most interesting ironies of this film is that the entire movie takes place within the Nazi U-boat and we get to see and feel compassion for the German men who fight to keep the boat afloat. The irony occurs when the Allied forces attack them and we get to experience the other side of the equation. Very intense and dramatic 
The only extraordinary thing about this film is how OW could take such a fascinating subject and drain the life out of it. I found myself wanting this to be over about halfway through (after I dozed off). Don't be fooled by the other review here. They are the true fakes (if you know what I mean). Save your money and save your time 
I bought this DVD to replace a worn Video from the BBC(British Broadcasting Commission). It was a bit of a shock. The original film has been edited and chopped up with bits of rubbish added through. It also now has a poor voice over. The whole feel of the film has been removed. All the PBS...and viewers like your rubbish? Where'd that come from. It was totallly funded via the BBC. The PBS editions mess up may have been funded by someone else. My copy is going Free as I won't be watching it again. Sincerely, do yourself a favour and source out a BBC edition. I give it (5 Stars)It is an awesome package. Inspiring and well told. Something to watch again and again(Hence I've worn out the video cassette 
This is a review of the "Ultimate Collector's Edition," NOT a review of the film itself. If you're considering the purchase of a two-disc special edition, you probably already know that the film is great; you just want to know if this slick package is worth the pricetag. In short, it's not. And let me be absolutely clear about one thing: I have known and loved this film for years. A few sequences look properly spectacular, but after watching this DVD on two separate (and high-quality) televisions, I'm amazed that all of the low-light scenes have been rendered almost completely dark. Like, too dark to tell what's even *happening*. For instance, the scene where Brad (Harry Carey, Jr.) runs off to his death, the scene where Marty's (Jeffrey Hunter's) "bride" is serving coffee along the river, and even the pre-dawn scenes leading up to the final storming of the Comanche camp, are utterly lost in the dark. By contrast, the bare-bones 1997 DVD release features noticeably richer colors in the daytime scenes and total clarity in the low-light scenes I've just mentioned. Don't waste your money on this special edition; you'll be much happier if you just shell out the $10.99 for the 1997 release. 
Skillful direction, screenplay, camera angles, acting. :-) I couldn't understand Benicio del Toro's mumbling. It turns out he did that on purpose, as he said in the special features 
This movie is so freakin stupid. Yes its funny...but so very dumb. Not good dumb; bad dumb. Terribly, painfully stupid. Funny at times. Best avoided or taken in small doses 
This was an excellent experience. My movies arrived very promptly and I have had the pleasure of watching them numerous times. Everything went well; the DVD's were still in their original wrapping and excellent condition! I will definitely order from here again 
For that matter it can be written for any party candidate that wants the truth of his/her dirty secrets covered up. I feel that it's the most insulting film to be released. It hides the fact that we as citizens, and our government don't really care about who we stick in office. If the party lines up with what we believe in screw the fact he had to cover something up. I can't fathom why we continue to fall for this all the time, and believe me I don't feel it's right to air it all over the news either. I feel that it comes down to the man, and if he does have the values his/her party believes in then he will do the honorable thing, and own up to his/her mistake. This movie is just another nail to drive into the justification that it's alright to cover things up, and there are no absolutes, or rights or wrongs. Wht happens when we tick off the wrong person who's rich? Do we wait until then to change the moral? That's Pathetic, and so is this movie 
I am referring to the Laser Light dvd edition of this film, which promises the best digital transfer of the film. That is great, but they used the worst print anyone could concieve to transfer! I taped this off of television awhile back and decided to buy a dvd version and this is 100 times worse than the version I taped myself on the slowest speed off of late night tv! In reading other reviews it appears that there is a much better VHS version and I would recommend that over this. Do not be fooled like I was with the fine condition of Welles' The Trial by Laser Light or the pipe smoking picture packaging of this. This version of Arkardin is a total waste of money 
Let me start off by saying that I have higher degrees in art, art history, music, and Romance languages -- so I am an admitted "art snob." Having said that, I would recommend that you try the Baby Einstein "Baby Van Gogh, World of Colors" and "Baby Mozart" videos instead of this Brainy Baby video. I find this Brainy Baby video to be slow, boring, insipid, condescending, and visually uninteresting; I cannot wait to put in something else. Wait, you say, isn't this about the baby who is watching it? Well, I first realized that it is truly boring (and not "just me") by watching my 6-month-old's reaction to it. (She is now 10 months old, and still does not like it.) She consistently snubbed her nose at this video; she did not watch it for more than a few seconds at a time and always turned away to find something more interesting to do. She has never had this reaction to the Einstein videos I mentioned. I tried reintroducing this video every few weeks since she was 6 months old, thinking maybe she would grow to understand it better, but after 4 months of this approach, she still is not interested. However, the Einstein videos have captivated her from the beginning, and still do. Here are the specifics that I think are the problem. The visuals are weak and not bold/colorful enough. My daughter is bored by watching the other babies play with toys. The female voice-over is distracting and annoying, rather than engaging and instructional as intended. The flow is not as coherent as the Einstein videos, which are broken into little themes that make sense in each video. There is no charm or sense of humor, like the Einstein videos. No, I do not have any connection whatsoever to the Baby Einstein folks. I'm just saying that the Brainy Baby videos seem less professional and are not as engaging. If you're going to spend the money and spend your time watching a video with your baby, buy one that you and the baby will enjoy together 
One of the most maligned movies of 2004 is...not that bad. In a fine example of how critics and Hollywood gang up on a movie before anybody has seen it, Oliver Stone delivers an epic take on the life of Alexander the Great. Not up to par with the great Hollywood epics, but not as bad as the critical cheap shots may lead you to believe. The incredible life of Alexander the Great is epic movie material if I've ever seen any. His rise to ruler of The World by his mid twenties is chronicled here (with noticeable gaps in the timeline). His personal life is just as fascinating as his public one. His decidedly odd family life (as depicted by Stone, anyway) and his lovers (both male and female) are just as integral to the story as his military victories. Perhaps, the ultimate momma's boy just wanted to be loved. Alexander is a workable and sometimes fascinating historical epic. It certainly doesn't deserve the drubbing it got in the press. Wonderful cinematography and a fascinating subject are undermined by uneven performances and some poor storytelling decisions, but there's a lot to like. I'll take my history this way instead of as an over sentimentalized bit of claptrap like The Patriot or Pearl Harbor any day. Forget the buzz and check it out. Rent it. If, like me, you find much to enjoy there are plenty of copies on any used DVD rack. Give it a chance and make the decision for yourself. My bet is you'll find a lot to appreciate. 
This movie was more than I expected. I was astonished at the amazing graphic and effects, and especially, the robots. You are kept wondering who the true villian is until the very end. I did not expect it to be who it was. The reason why I rated this movie a four instead of a five was for the almost constant swearing from Smith. I was not prepared for it, especially since the movie is not rated PG-13 for language. Other than that, I highly recommend this movie. 
How High is a film that lends nothing, I repeat, nothing to the film community at large. I have read some critics that say that this film introduced a whole new generation to the Cheech Chong of the new millennium with the Redman/Method Man pairing. While most seem to agree that this is a horrible film, very few of them mention how utterly racist the overall experience happens to be. When I use the word racist, I mean that it builds upon the degenerate clichs that African Americans struggle with on a daily basis with our society. While there were elements in this film that seemed like there was some reverse racism occurring, what struck me hardest in the face was how embarrassing Method Man and Redman must be to both the film community, but also to their own culture. I have a very open mind when it comes to social issues as well as films, but this one left my jaw on the floor several times. The blatant swings at African American stereotypes were meant to be a source of humor for director Jesse Dylan, but instead fell flat on their embarrassed face. Humor was in very short supply in this film due to the ethnic stereotype clichs that seemed to be used nearly every second of this film. Nothing was original. Nothing was exciting. Was the pairing of Redman and Method Man an idea of comedic proportions? I think not. As you can tell from their short lived series after the release of this film, the corporate world wanted to cash in on these two rappers, but soon realized that they were not as bankable as they thought. Why? Method Man and Redman, who completely different people, were nothing more than the same character in this film. With the very subtle hints of Method Man being smarter, nothing could separate the equality of these two characters. That is why they failed as a comic team. Think of Matthau and Lemmon or the above example of Cheech Chong, what made these teams work while the How High team crashed and burned? What worked the best were the differences that uniquely drew the pair together. Their differences made us laugh and sympathetically brought them together, but with Method Man and Redman, they were the same. I was watching the same two characters fight through the same two challenges in this film. What tried to be funny instead transformed into repetitive. What Dylan did to counter the similarity between Redman/Method Man was bring in obscure secondary characters that added nothing to the flimsy plot or helped us feel emotion for our two main characters. The clich jock, the clich frat boy, the clich Asian (which was again another racist moment), and the clich rich white boy, just felt and were old. Watch college films from the 70s and you will see these same combinations, but what makes the films from the 70s different is that they used them with originality. How High, from beginning to end, was anything but original. I must admit, after watching this film of which Harvard was willing to loan their name to, I don't want to go to Harvard. They should have pondered the effects this film would have upon their prestige heritage. How High is a dark spot in Harvard's history. Do you know what makes it even worse? This film wasn't even created at or anywhere near Harvard. Again, Dylan was cutting corners to create a false sense of realism that continued to hurt this film. How High has no redeeming qualities. Ooops, I stand corrected. The only smile that was ever created on my face during this film was when Spalding Gray spoke. How did they get him and Fred Willard to do this film? I have said it once, I will say it again, some actors just need their bills paid. Inconsistency, incompetence, and aggravation seemed to be the hidden themes of this dud. What destroyed this film further is that if you take the actors away and look at the story in general, it is nothing. There is no original story at all with How High. Going to college, working for your grades, winning over the heart of the President right at the last minute - this was nothing short of a "cut and paste" film that had no backbone and horrid acting! I do not like Jesse Dylan's style of directing. While I think Kicking and Screaming is his prized film (due greatly to Will Ferrell), all of his films seem to be extremely choppy with the editing and are randomly interjected with an overdose of unnecessary scenes. The John Adams scene in How High is a prime example. The Benjamin Franklin moments is another. The unconcluded "Truth Serum" can be considered another. How High was just scene after scene of inconsistency. Lumpy oatmeal would win first place before this film would ever be congratulated! I blame a majority of the issues with this film on Jesse Dylan. If he would have tightened the script, created unique and "cult-like" characters, and eliminated the racism, he may have had the quintessential "weed" film in Hollywood. Now, all he has is a violent case of the munchies and nothing to show for. Sad. Overall, this was one of the worst films that I have witnessed. Never have I been so emotionally charged about the racist moments in this film as I have with How High. The actors, all around, were horrible. The story had no legs to stand on and it became very obvious after the opening credits that unless you were either 10 to 15 years of age, this film would never be considered a comedy. Nothing was funny. Nothing will make you laugh. The only part worth enjoying in this film is the ending credits. The ending credits give you a chance to walk away and forget this part of your cinematic life. Grade: * out of **** 
Do not confuse this with the Real thing. i found teh VHS of this for $1 at a store near me. I was interested so i got it. I watch Iron Chef on the Food Network evey night, and this dosent even begin to hold a candle to it! The one commentator is a failed comedian, and the other is a culinary half wit!I never heard more ussless facts in a 90min span b4 in my life. The chefs in the first baattle were, for lack of a better term dissrespectful, i mean come on how are you gonna have a cell phone on you and answer it During a Cooking battle?!? They kept cutting away from the cooking to show interview clips with the chefs. The Cooks were pretty good, they had a decent talent but we didnt get to see as much of it here as you do on the real show. There Flour reporter keeps bugging them thru out the whole thing, asking questionspassed down from the dumb announcer.They kept tryign to play shatner off as a culinary genius but come on we all know that he is nothing but a medeocore actor....out side of star trek or wat ever he was on. The only you see shatner is when he is talking about clearly prewritten statements that sound kinda incoherant lol. All in all i give this 2 stars, and that purely gose ot the merit of the chefs, not to the shows them selfs. Unless your a shatner Fanatic, or sone won thats just kinnda like "its cooking, I'll watch it" but be warned. Its not as good as it could be. Glad i only spen $1 on it bc its truely not worth more 
Goal! is a well-done soccer version of the road to glory in athletics. It is a true Cinderella story that makes the impossible possible and fulfills the one in a million shot at stardom. The soccer player, a young hispanic man in Los Angeles, gets a one-time chance to tryout for English Premier League power Newcastle. As the movie progresses, more and more people believe in the young man's dream. His family relationships are present and well-developed in the movie as is a budding romance. We see the young player learn about the consequences of his decisions. There are enough conflicts and challenges in this movie that keep it interesting. The soccer presented in the movie is very well-done. We see actual professional players make cameo's on and off the pitch..no headbutts, though. A few times I felt like I was watching an actual English Premier League game...there are just a few too many spin moves over the ball but they look cool. This is a good movie with a good begining and good ending. I am glad I watched it and recommend it especially to soccer fans 
It didn't take me long to forget this film. Once again it stars Jet in a strange role 
This video is boring. Too much talking and too little talking from the muppet characters. Might be suited more for an older child but mine is 13 months so there has to be constant colorful characters for her to be interested 
I rented this DVD because of the glowing reviews here and because I wanted a better understanding of the origin of the modern problems in the Middle East. Overall, I was disappointed by this offering because it didn't give sufficient background and seemed to speak primarily to those who already had a knowledge of the subject. (It also seems to me to be *a bit* biased in Israel's favor vis-a-vis the Palestinians, but that flaw could be accepted and filtered appropriately.) For instance, the documentary jumps right into the last Zionist Congress in 1939 (or whenever it was), but they never define what the Zionist movement is or where it came from. I know some of this from my reading, but it would be nice to have a summary here -- especially as it relates to the main players in the rest of the documentary. I wish the documentary would have at least started with WWI and the British occupation of Palestine after the fall of the Ottoman Empire, rather than picking up at WWII and mentioning some of the WWI details later. Doing so would have answered questions like, "Why are the British so important here?" Another example is keeping track of the people, places, and organizations, which are often named in Hebrew or Arabic and are unfamiliar to the uninitiated. It made the sequence of events hard to follow because we had a hard time keeping track of who was doing what and where. Using more text on the screen, more maps, more recaps, and perhaps more English translations would have improved things greatly, methinks. The film certainly has value, not least because it is told by a participant and first-hand observer, but it is not for those without much familiarity with the people, places, and issues at hand 
Many shows have their moments, but this is the first show I've ever laughed OUT LOUD, multiple times in one episode. The humor is so creative and edgy and amazingly timed. I will say that you do need to be around my age (I'm 40) to get alot of the inside jokes, but if you do their hilarious. And if you don't there's still plenty to make you laugh. I would HIGHLY recommend all three Volumes that are out now 
This is poorly casted and scripted movie, has only one thing going for it, No annoying Chevy Chase around to make unfunny jokes, he did not have too, The cast here do that in abundance 
Pretty Woman (15th Anniversary Special Edition) has to be considered one of the most classical,romantic comedies made throughout the years. Julia Roberts and Richard Gere are excellent actors together and without them I don't believe the movie would have been the same. This classic "fairy tale" movie where the woman finds the man of her dreams is funny and different from the all the rest. This is not your typical romantic movie and I believe that is why so many people love this movie. Pretty Woman is a film that will always capture its audiences heart with a little added humor here and there. The 15th Anniversary Special Edition also brought some never-before-seen scenes, deleted scenes, and commentary. The deleted scenes are also a must watch, they are just simply hilarious, and you also get to see how the actors were behind the scenes. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves romantic movies, but who also likes added comedy as well. Pretty Woman is definitely one of the greatest films ever made. 
This is a made for TV movie and not the original film. Do not waste your money on this re-make. Buy the original that was released in 1967 and starred Robert Blake 
I was so glad to see the entire season in one set. I hope one day, if they haven't already done so, that they put out a Season 1 set. Love the show, and being able to watch whenever I want 
Lets face it Woodey Allen has produced so much a few of his things sort of slip past some of us. I have found this one did for many people. It's the kind of movie you watch more then once you have to wonder did the actors fill in some of those lines 'improv' or were those w. allens? 
this is a "horror" movie in the sense that it is incredibly grating and all the people in it act like total garbage. I don't mean the acting is garbage, though it is. I mean that all the characters in the movie are complete human garbage, such as make you want to start your own special death camp just to get rid of them. If the aim of the movie was to turn the viewer into a one-man murder wave, then... bingo. I am locked and loaded and ready to ratatatatatatatattat.... blow away the cast 
I picked this set up despite reservations (reservations being Luke Perry and the guy from the Cosby Show) because of the creator J. Michael Straczynski. Unfortunately the show is just not up to snuff. It's really nothing more then a C average show. Normally that's not a big deal but when you consider this is on a premium channel (Showtime) and costs over $70.00 on DVD it's just not good enough. Specific problems I had with the show include a lot of filler episodes. The season is only 18 episodes long and at least half are stand alones that contribute nothing to the overall story line. The show would have been better off with only 12 episodes all geared towards a single over riding story (this is the model that HBO uses). Production value is also sorely lacking. Once again I'm going to compare to HBO (I feel this is fair since these are both pay to view networks). The HBO series Carnivale has unbelievable production value, the set's, locations, costumes and visual effects are all motion picture quality (the same can be said for Deadwood and Rome but Carnival makes for a better comparison). But Jeremiah all looks the same. You can tell the show was all shot in the same location, every back road and town look like they are in the same county. The biggest problem however is just the premise. A post genocidal virus world populated by orphaned children seems like a good idea but in practice it get's tired fast. I had to force myself through the last 9 episodes. Luke Perry's quest to find Valhalla sector fails to add any intrigue or mystery. Simon's quest to rebuild civilization also comes up flat and any moral or social lessons conveyed are thinly veiled. So basically it is neither exciting nor intelligent. Plus if you need any other reason to dislike this show then know that Jason Presley makes a guest appearance (just what this show needed a 90210 reunion). If you're looking for a great show this is not it. If you can watch it cheap give a whirl but don't waste any hard earned cash on this one 
Well if this movie had a story then I must have missed it because there is none no matter how you look at it. they don't even fully play the 9 songs and the sex scenes are pornographic that's true but it would have made sense if they were within some kind of context and no there is nothing shocking (as one of the reviewer declared) about 2 people having sex. I don't recommend it 
i guess i hold the minorty here in thinking the north and south "maxie-series" is just the worst civil war mini-series ever put on film. they took great source material and turned it into "days of our civil war lives", a soap opera of the most unwanted kind. i found myself hopeing that maybe it would get better but it got more unbelievible as it went on . just a waste of a great cast and a lot of money 
Leave it to the Coen Brothers to make Werner Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle the crux of a film noir, and darned if they don't make a good case for it in "The Man Who Wasn't There." (Typically, they put their argument in the mouth of a loutish lawyer who can't even remember Heisenberg's name.) Chain-smoking nebbish barber Ed Crane (Billy Bob Thornton) makes the only decisive (and dishonest) action of his life, and thus begins a chain of events that ends in the doom of himself and several, mostly not-so-innocent, bystanders. In "The Man Who Wasn't There," the phrase "decisive action" is an oxymoron; everything Crane and the other characters do is governed solely by chance. Everything that happens--from the wrong stranger turning up at the wrong time to a horribly timed punch in the face--changes everything forever, and always for the worse. Set in 1949 in Santa Rosa, Calif. (a tip of the hat to Hitchcock and "Shadow of a Doubt," perhaps?) "The Man Who Wasn't There" looks perfect. Like every other Coen film, it's a marvel of production design, and the genius photographer Roger Deakins nails to a tree the dusty black-and-white look of such classic noirs as "Double Indemnity" and "Out of the Past." Thematically, however, "The Man Who Wasn't There" resembles nothing so much as a much more elegant, much better acted remake of Edgar G. Ulmer's "Detour," in which the characters drift in a low-rent Sartrean hell, totally the victims of fate. But whereas "Detour" is more than the sum of its parts, "The Man Who Wasn't There" is less. The Coen Brothers may believe in chance, but on the screen they leave nothing to chance, so that everything in "The Man Who Wasn't There" is TOO perfect. In the end the film has the same overstudied, clinical quality that afflicts every Coen film except "Fargo." (It must be admitted, though, that only one Coen film--"The Hudsucker Proxy"--is ruined by that quality.) The acting is as superb as in any Coen film. Thornton--in a role that is nearly wordless except for the voiceover narration tying the plot together--burns a hole in the celluloid with his intense, hangdog gravity. There are also glittering supporting performances by Frances McDormand as Thornton's philandering wife Doris; James Gandolfini as her paramour and boss; Jon Polito as a shady businessman; Michael Badalucco as Thornton's motormouth brother-in-law; Scarlett Johansson as the teenager Thornton chastely fancies; and especially Tony Shalhoub, nearly stealing the picture as Freddy Riedenschneider, defense attorney extraordinaire. 
so I'm supposed to believe that the horrible dialogue, bad acting, and ridiculous plotting is on purpose just because Mamet is a respected guy? how about we call a dog a dog and just move on 
Ever wonder where Col. Kurtz would've ended up if he had survived the end of "Apocalypse Now"? Well, now we know: He exiled himself to a deserted island to create humanimals -- the horror, the horror. In light of all the bad press one would really think this is a lousy movie. And I can see WHY some people don't like it, the main portion of the flick is really INSANE. However, if you're a sucker for lost-on-an-island type yarns and appreciate the heavy mood insanity of "Apocalypse Now," you'll probably like it. I'm not saying it's anywhere near as great as "Apocalypse Now" but Marlon Brando and the jungle insanity make the comparison inevitable. WHAT WORKS: The title sequence is great, perhaps one of the best in all of cinema (another Amazon reviewer noted this, so I'm not alone); the soundtrack is phenomenal ('nuff said); the plot is intriguing; the humanimal make-up is fine ('Hyena' looks especially horrific); the film possesses an undeniable creative pizzazz (i.e. it's moody, atmospheric and insane); and Marlon Brando's 35 minute stint in the film is as captivating as always (you can probably tell I'm a huge Brando fan -- in particular, "One-Eyed Jacks," "Mutiny on the Bounty" (1962), "The Young Lions," "Superman" and "Apocalypse Now" [not "Redux"]). WHAT DOESN'T WORK: The third act of the film is almost total insanity, except for the final ten minutes or so; as a result the story will lose the interest of those who have no appreciation for such artistic flair. CLOSING THOUGHTS: I really enjoyed seeing Brando in his old age in this flick; it proves he had his magnetic charm until the end. If you enjoyed Brando as 'Kurtz' in "Apocalypse Now" you'll appeciate him in "Island;" in fact, as already noted, Dr. Moreau is a variation of Kurtz in his old age (i.e. nutjob in the jungle). If you're predisposed for such a flick, "Dr. Moreau" is weird, but certainly worthwhile. 
I was not happy with this purchase. This video only taught 10 min. of teaching followed by 30 min of a porn flick at the end. The teaching was informative balanced with different women with various shapes and builds, I could have used more teaching and less of a porn show. This was a waste of money! There are a few more reviews like mine so take our advise. 
I have always enjoyed watching this movie, with so many great stars, some whom are no longer with us; never owned it on video, now I have it on DVD, great price too!! It was worth it 
I'm sorry folks, but I went into this one with high hopes given the outstanding reviews from both critics and laymen. It would be a tremendous understatement to say I was disappointed. This film is horrible in nearly every respect, but this is the film's fatal flaw: A "character study" is no good when the characters act in a manner which is counter intuitive and against the grain of human nature. The film portrays two convicts on death row as likeable guys who are willing to help out with this ridiculous standoff because they have no other choice. Sorry to bring up the obvious here, but the ONLY thing any person would care about in that situation is escaping. He would not be pre-occupied with helping defend the police station (he would have immediately shot the cop upon being given a gun); he would not be worried about "his chances out there" (remember he's on death row); he would be concerned only with escaping IMMEDIATELY. Sorry to all you fans of this "cult classic", but a movie in this vein must be at least SOMEWHAT realistic to gain my praise. This one is a mess. 
I saw this movie for the first time when I was 5. I'm still watching it at 65. They will never be another movie to surpass this one 
A great behind-the-scenes look at decisions that shaped history - and nearly killed all of us. Cross-reference this with the more recent Kennedy biographies for a wider, sobering context. This is the sort of thing that the Bush Administration should have watched before deciding to invade Iraq. 
That this film is dedicated to the memory of David Maysles should tell you all you need to know about what's in store. Along with his brother Albert, David Maysles created some of the most groundbreaking and fascinating documentaries of the 60's and 70's ("Gimme Shelter," "Salesman," "Grey Gardens"), and Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky did a fabulous job here of carrying on the stylistic tradition. The story of the poor and semi-literate Ward brothers is touching and engrossing, despite the squalor in which they lived, and this early 90's legal case is a significant study in cultural assumptions and regional justice. Absorbing, and worth owning. This 10th anniversary edition packs on a host of extras, but just an FYI: The "Product Detail" here on Amazon that suggests that this 'stars' Connie Chung is wildly inaccurate; she did a piece on the Ward brothers which we see them watching on a TV for a couple of minutes, and that's all. She never physically appears in this film 
Great Plot! A crooked president who only thinks of himself and his needs; a good hearted man named Dave who thinks about others, and the only thing they have in common is their outward appearance. Dave is called upon to sit in for the president and do his job for a while. Two of the presidents regular staff try to get Dave to do things that is contrary to Dave's character. So the story goes on from there. Who will win the battle of crooked verses good in the White House. This dvd picture was good and clear, the sound was great, and the case was in excellent condition. If you like warm hearted type movies, then this is the one for you. I know I have enjoyed it over and over. To me, Dave is about character, good or bad, and the choices we make in life that can affect others around us. 
The year: 1965. The cast: Peter Sellers. Peter O'Toole. Woody Allen. Ursula Andress. The soundtrack: Burt Bacharach. Tom Jones. Dionne Warwick. Manfred Mann. The movie: Believe it or not -- terrible. Really... as in unwatchable (other than the relatively entertaining animated opening credits.) Painfully unfunny slapstick routines, actors seemingly reading their lines off of cue cards, and no plot to speak of. Not even fun to watch for 60's camp value like The Party or Casino Royale... I had to turn it off at about the halfway mark. Grade: Incomplete Safest bet: Get the soundtrack, skip the movie... 
I give this film one star for the acting, which is often very good. However, the plot and message of this film revel in hopelessness, and debase every aspect of lower income, urban people. In all honesty, I've seen more joy in an African famine. I sat through this film, against my better judgement. Still, if you're truly interested in investigating the dark underbelly of urban American misery and frailty, then I recommend "A Streetcar Named Desire", "KIDS", "Last Exit to Brooklyn", and "Traffic". 
In some of Fred Astaire's movies there's only one excellent reason to watch, and that's to watch Fred Astaire. In You Were Never Lovelier there are three other excellent reasons. Rita Hayworth. Jerome Kern. Johnny Mercer. The four of them have concocted a romantic and funny South American fable that features some great dancing by both Astaire and Hayworth and some memorable songs by Kern and Mercer. Eduardo Acuna (Adolphe Menjou), a wealthy Buenos Aires businessman, has four beautiful daughters, and in the Acuna family they must marry in age order. The eldest fulfills her responsibilities and the two youngest have beaus they're now anxious to share vows with. But the second eldest, Maria (Rita Hayworth) is in no hurry. She wants romance and charm and the men she meets are just panting boys. Then she sees Robert Davis (Fred Astaire), a very charming, down-on-his-luck dancer, singing Dearly Beloved at her elder sister's wedding. He tries to chat her up; she stares him down. Then the plot intervenes. Before long she knows what she wants. Robert knows what he wants. Eduardo Acuna knows what he doesn't want...a down-on-his-luck dancer in the family. From then on it's songs, dances, romance and misunderstandings, which moves into songs, dances and romance. The plot feels sluggish at times and there's way too much Xavier Cugat and his orchestra, but Astaire and Hayworth are at their peak, Kern has written some memorable melodies and few could top Mercer at lyric writing, none in Hollywood. Hayworth not only was a gorgeous creature, she was a gifted dancer; many think she was the best Astaire worked with. Technically, she not only handled the steps Astaire created, she did so without a hint of effort. After you've watched the dances a couple of times, go back and watch again, but this time concentrate on her face and her hand and arm action. She gives every indication of being utterly relaxed and enjoying herself, even in the fast tap routines. She seems naturally to find the most graceful attitude for an extended arm, a turn of her head, a raised hand. She may not be quite as good as Astaire, but she's good enough. Among the stand-out routines are: --The Audition Dance. Robert shows up at Acuna's office and demands a chance to show his stuff as a dancer. From there Astaire takes off on a fast tap routine that takes him all over the floor, onto Acuna's desk, the sofa and chairs. He works into the dance a cane, a rug, the drapes and Acuna's head. --I'm Old Fashioned. This is probably the best romantic wooing dance Astaire did. It's all fluid motion and spontaneous recognition, danced on the elegant, polished outdoor landing of Acuna's mansion. Rita Hayworth is a vision, and matches him step for step. We move from Maria declaring with humor and assurance that Robert's the man for her, to Robert's protestation that he's just a guy from Omaha, Nebraska, to the dance that brings them closer and closer together until we know through the dance that a love match has just happened. The funny exit through the doors and back into the living-room, bumping into each other, each giving way, bumping again and then going in together arm in arm hits just the right note. The dance works so well in part because Kern and Mercer came up with a classic: I'm old fashioned, I love the moonlight, I love the old fashioned things. The sound of rain Upon a window pane, The starry song that April sings. This year's fancies Are passing fancies But sighing sighs, holding hands, These my heart understands. I'm old fashioned But I don't mind it. That's how I want to be, As long as you agree, To stay old fashioned with me. --The Shorty George. This fast tap routine starts out with Maria visiting Robert at a rehearsal. He sings The Shorty George and she takes a couple of lines. He looks surprised that she knows the song. He starts to dance and invites her to join him. Hayworth stays right with Astaire and looks like she's having the time of her life. --You Were Never Lovelier. Robert declares his feelings for Maria, but more misunderstandings occur. Finally, everything is resolved. Robert shakes off some knight's armor he was wearing (there is sort of a reason) and appears below Maria's bedroom window in black tie. She rushes down...and off they go dancing while all the members of the Acuna family look on approvingly. And the Johnny Mercer lyrics and Jerome Kern music brings us to the happy end: You were never lovelier, you were never so fair; Dreams were never lovelier, Pardon me if I stare. Down the sky the moonbeams fly to light your face; I can only say they chose the proper place. You were never lovelier, and to coin a new phrase, I was never luckier In my palmiest days. Make a note, and you can quote me, honor bright, You were never lovelier than you are tonight 
This is a remake of An Affair to Remember with Cary Grant and Deborah and it does not work. Some movies just should not be remade. The ONLY thing good about this movie is Katharine Hepburn's appearance. Get the original 
If you loved this movie, try 50 First Dates. The surprising chemisty from Drew and Adam continues in that movie. I love the humor and the 80s clothes!! :- 
Talentless people and garbage music torture you in this turkey-in no time flat,you'll be driven to pure insanity as you run screaming "MAKE IT STOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" out into the yard.Do not spend money on this product unless you want to wind up beating your head against the wall and babbling nonsense 
my brother bought a used copy at wal mart and I decided to borrow it despite him saying it was stupid. It isn't. It's actually real funny and entertaining. 
As I write this review, it was 5 years ago this very day that the Walt Disney Co. released the classic "Fantasia" for the first time on DVD as a 60th Anniversary Special Edition. But exactly 5 years later, you can no longer purchase a legitimate, new copy of it without paying at least double the original sale price, via such avenues as ebay. As a Disney shareholder, I am one unhappy camper!! This is the only reason I'm rating this classic 5-star film with only 2 stars. The DVD is no longer legitimately available without forking over at least $40 or $50 for a new copy when the original list price was well under $30 (and that current price is only going to go up as times passes by). I'm sure I'm not the only consumer that's really sick and tired of Disney's inane policy of releasing and then quickly yanking some of their DVD releases. So what am I supposed to do now? Wait another 5 to 10 years just to buy a legitimate copy of this DVD when Disney finally decides that the time is right to release it again? I think not! I can't wait that long, and my nieces and nephews will probably be too old to care at that point. Or, should I instead pay an insane price now for an original copy (the profits of which WILL NOT go to Disney)? Again, I don't think so! I do not believe in getting ripped off, and refuse to support those that profit from it, regardless of supply/demand fundamentals. If Disney insists on continuing their ridiculous and outdated practice of discontinuing some of their classic films on DVD after only 2 to 3 years of availability, it shouldn't surprise them at all that they're actually LOSING POTENTIAL SALES to counterfeit/pirated versions of the films that are being sold around the world (and from auction sites like ebay, too). The way I see it, THEY ASKED FOR IT!! By not making these classics legitimately available at all times, they are encouraging piracy. It's that simple, and they deserve it!! In this day and age, people are not going to wait a few years to get something they want NOW!! I guess Disney is forcing me to think about buying a phony yet much cheaper DVD version of the original "Fantasia" just so I can show this classic to my nieces and nephews. I'd much rather buy a legitimate copy that's reasonably priced, but I can't because Disney won't allow me to do so. Oh well, it's their loss. A classic film like "Fantasia", which came in at No. 58 on the American Film Institute's 1998 list of the 100 greatest American movies of all time, deserves a far better fate than this. Great job Disney!! Way to go! 
"Stagecoach" is significant, along with "Destry Rides Again", for redefining the Western for "adult" audiences. Director John Ford achieved that by emphasizing character developement over action though the film does contain some thrilling sequences. For sure the film does contain a number of Western archetypes(the gambler, the prostitute with a heart of gold, etc.) but they transcend the stereotypes. "Stagecoach" is also significant as the film that broke John Wayne to mainstream audiences. Wayne's entrance as the Ringo Kid is the stuff of legends. There is not a bum performance in the impressive cast that includes the underappreciated Claire Trevor as the social pariah, Dallas, and Thomas Mitchell as Doc Boone, for which he won an Oscar. The film's status as being historically significant is not debatable. As first class entertainment it is timeless 
I have four boys between the ages of 11 and 2. I ordered seasons 1 2 and they love it. Every night we turn Daniel Boone on before bedtime and we don't have to worry about our children seeing anything other than a good wholesome show. I hope they put out the next 4 seasons 
Maybe you had to be there. Maybe the actual film never quite measures up to what has been preserved in the memory of a certain generation. And with literary roots in journalistic observations of the blandly benign Cameron Crowe, maybe it lacks the nerve to truly explore the teenage sex blues with the farcical abandon of its vulgar cousin Porky's. But even today Fast Times remains funny, with witty set pieces and a host of emerging Hollywood stars flirting, dating and hooking up to the rock soundtrack of the period. As burnout surfer Jeff Spicoli, Sean Penn achieved well-deserved legendary status. Yet special props go to Judge Reinhold as the hang-dog dirty old senior. Any scene even remotely involving customer service, he steals it, then turns around and gives able dramatic support to Jennifer Jason Leigh 
this is NOT a good movie! Bad acting, story, and picture! I was hoping this would be the first anime of the 8man After dvd I had but Alass it was not. Pass on this one unless U HAVE 2 have it 
Great video, It will be a classic in the coming years as these entertainers are dying at a fast rate. They are still as good as they were in the old days considering their age 
"Student of History" is a student of Christian biased history. There are plenty of qualified scholars, and current book like that of theologian Bart Ehman for one, who show that early Christianity was based on forged documents that claimed earlier pedigree, but were written by ambitious men who sought to dominate a very wide spead of ideas about who and what those events in Judea were about. (Not Paliestine! The Romans named the region Palestine after the war against the Jews in 70CE). The fact that one man (Constantine) sought a single authoritive finality was a political move, not an act or miracle of "God." Authority of apostles is more Christian myth and power assertion, not historical proof of the varacity of the Bible and Christian claims. Objective scholarship has shown for example that a church father (probably Iraneus) forged copies of Josephus by adding the paragraphs that refer to Jesus. It is easy to understand when we remember that typewriters and copy machines did not exist then! Handwriting is sort of a give-away, especially when other earlier copies exist with no insets about Jesus. What is known about the Gospel of Thomas and other second century altnative Christian texts is that they were warred against by the eventual winner. It might have gone otherwise and then people like you would be claiming a completely different set of circumstances as facts. People with no authority like Iraneus wrote tracts condemning any other view than his own and those of his small cult. He called Arius of Alexander for example, a heretic. But he had no authority to do so. He forged documents to prove it never realizing that in the future, others would also forge whatever they found expedient to make reality for believers. Paul called it "Lying to bring you the truth." But a lie is a lie and historians can't make lies facts. So the yoke of bias due to conditioned belief must be thrown off if one is to be a true historian and seeker of truth. The real "key" to the entire mystery - and the inspiration for all of these writers is the nagging reality of the original parchments found by the real life priest Beringer Saunier in 1891 in Rennes-le-Chateau. I have been there several times. The original parchments are kept in a vault in London at a Loyd's Bank. The copies have been studied by many and here is the problem for the debunkers; When a fraud is being perpetuated, code puzzles are invariably simple and unsophisticated. Experts agree that the codes on the parchments are so sophisticated that they would have had to have been created by a very intelligent individual - a genuis. Everything can be argued down for lack of enough solid evidence if you wish to prefer Christian myths like virgin birth, death and resurrection (actually earlier pagan myths), but the parchments remain a piece of evidence that no un objecive debunker likes to talk about. Dan Brown has made the subject popular again by writing a book and making a film that tantilizes the minds of many people. He also gives the public a new level of nonsense to wade through and a rich source of psuedo history for debunkers to feast upon, pretending to extend their claim to truth by turning over toys in a kindergarten class. If you are going to claim to be a student of history, you must be objective and ready to accept what is there, not select what suits you. And if you want to answer the many very quesitonable claims of Chrisitanity and the claimed history of the faith, then you must be willing to question the premises. Once you do that, you will find that there is plenty to support doubt. Just knowing about the Catholic destruction of previous historic and relgious records along with anyone who opposed them, ought to clue the thinking person that something is up with tradtional Christian Western history on its face. Dan Brown, and and to a greater extent, Leigh, Baigent and Lincoln have a lot more material than that planted and represented by Pierre Plantard. The discussion of the Biblical evidence itself is compelling without ever having Pierre Plantard at all. Why is there a large tradition of all people extant at the time that Simon of Cyrene was crucified, not Jesus? (Muslims claim this today and Christian Freemasons are aware of the source document- I have seen it myself). And if we really want to be factual about it, there never was a Jesus Christ in Judea. Paul created his church in Greece and the Hellenized region of Asia Minor. "Jesus Christ" is Greek. If there was a character that Jesus was based on his name would have been Josua ben Joseph and his brother "James" would be Jacob. If you dig in you will find no basis for a person named Jesus exists and the probability that the Jesus Christ character was only Paul's creation based on another person who was crucified as a rebel by the Romans and whose sect venerated his death as a memorial that became part of their sect of Judiasm. One book of found in the Dead Sea Scrolls is the Book of Enoch. Freemasons have owned a copy of it and it is tracable to at least 1717 when the Grand Lodge in London announced itself. How does a book that only became known to the public when the closely guarded srolls were finally made public in the 1990s, already exist among a society of brotherhood that can be traced to the Knights Templar? This is not myth, but a sample of factual connections one can make if they objectively study the quesitons, culling out the fluff and theory from fact for 20 years as I have. I didn't just read, I traveled. It takes a long time to verify or debunk a historical claim or theory. These people who study the subject for a year and then write a book amuse me, but very well. I completely enjoyed the film, The Da Vinci Code, even though I could not read the book, because I knew too much of the where he got his ideas from to read it. Leigh Teaging= Richard Leigh, Teabing = Michael Baigent, and the GM of the Priory named Sauniere. There is a code for begginers in the book, but I am no beginner. Still, I found the film enjoyable and I even thought the book is a good thing, because I am a bit like the Leigh Teabing character in the Da Vinci Code. I believe that a lie even to build a faith is a lie and overall, the worse will come from it. Histoy shows that to be true. Religions are built on lies made for the purpose of power and control over others. What we witness now in the world is more of that with more and worse to come. It is probably useless, but only when people can know the real truth and throw off the superstition and neurosis of religion, including and especially Christianity (but all others as well) will the human race have a chance to become something besides a mass of ants bent of self destruction. If there is any use for the historian, it must be to serve as a witness and a warning. How long will we repeat history? As long as we insist on institutionalizing lies and myth. In the meantime, established Christian indluence and owned media produce airy debates quoting the Bible and it's own set of Biblical facts as ultimate fact because they haven't yet gone to the bottom of the scholarly bebate - and don't want to. 
I'm the kind of guy who takes out large clumps of grass with every swing no matter what club I use. It's so bad that my "so called" friends wouldn't even go to the range with me anymore because I embarrassed them too much. I was the butt of all the jokes at the office too. I already had a closet full of VHS tapes and a few DVDs, I've spend hundreds on my local "golf pro" and I've been reading magazines for years, but I just never could figure out the what, where and whys of my game. A friend recommended this set so I got one and it's been GREAT. I could easily understand and follow alone with the tips so well that I must have watched all the tips in one weekend. And after only a few rounds I could finally start to understand what's going on with each drive, approach and putt I hit and that's helped me improve enough that my friends are playing with me again. In my opinion anyone would find these DVDs helpful. Even my local "golf pro" would benefit from this collection. However, I'm not sure I'll give away my new edge to all my "friends". At least until I can cut a few more strokes and they have to play catch up. 
I loved this play. Tyler Perry and his ability to make you laugh ( and cry ) is a blessing from God. You can watch this with everyone in your family. 
I think this is the best of the Monty Python movies, although I love them all. This edition has lots of extra features, like a documentary on the Monty Python guys made during the filming of this movie - I learned lots of things I didn't know about them. Overall I couldn't be happier 
This movie would have been a complete failure if Fred Astaire hadn't starred in it. I found it to be exceptionally dull. Except for "I Lost My Hat in Haiti" and "You Are", and footage from the actual wedding of a member of the British monarchy, this film is pretty terrible 
You can't wipe murder off our hands; well perhaps you can, especially if you're like the two main protagonists in The Postman Always Rings Twice, an absolutely marvelous movie of dark despair and foggy, murky paranoia. Based on the novel by James M. Cain, the movie is all about the terrible consequences that can result from unchecked desire and obsession. The sexy John Garfield stars as Frank Chambers, a tough, enigmatic drifter from San Francisco who arrives in the small California town of Twin Oaks. Frank's a pretty rough and tumble sort of guy; he's a little lazy and a bit of a con artist, but he's decent enough and soon he gets offered a job in a diner run by Nick Smith (Cecil Kellaway). Nick is very eager to employ Frank, but Frank initially hesitates, that is, until he meets Nick's much younger wife, Cora Smith (a gorgeous Lana Turner). Cora is a blonde bombshell, a real knockout, first appearing in front of Frank in skimpy shorts, she's even photographed from the legs up. Cora is a teasingly sexy femme fatale, rolling her lipstick towards him in a hesitant dance of seduction, perhaps a promise of what is to come. The sexual attraction is almost immediate, and as the tension steadily builds, they begin a clandestine affair, taking moonlit swims together, while the affable Nick remains totally unsuspecting of what's going on. Soon Cora confesses to Frank that she doesn't love her husband and she that married Nick to give her a sense of security. Desperately in love, the two decide to run away together by hitching, but Cora decides she doesn't want to start life again with nothing and returns to the diner. By this time, Frank can't get Cora out of his head, and with both of them feeling ever more trapped, they decide to arrange an accident for her unsuspecting husband. But their plan doesn't quite work; the situation becomes even worse when the local DA (Leon Ames) catches onto them and their evil schemes. The plot takes many twists and turns as Cora and Frank try to outmaneuver the law, Nick, and also a pair of unscrupulous lawyers who are intent to see the sultry couple double-cross and sell out on each other. Despite the imposition of strict censorship laws, The Postman Always Rings Twice bubbles over with passion, even though much of the sensuality is suggested. And because the censors wouldn't allow any sex or violence, the filmmakers had to imply what was going on, so the film projects an undercurrent of barely disguised passions, sexuality, and murder. The censorship restrictions also make the performances of Garfield and Turner that much stronger. Relying on sharp dialogue and facial expressions, the actors manage to weave a gorgeous sensual dance together, both lighting up the screen and creating two of the most smolderingly complex characters ever seen in film. The Postman Always Rings Twice is a classical noir tale of love that just goes disastrously wrong. Lust, deceit, lies, and betrayal inevitably result because the two star-crossed lovers just can't let go of each other and are trapped by their desires. Cora is dreadfully insecure and wants something in life that has always eluded her. And Frank is too caught up in his feelings for Cora to see reason; he's just too weak-minded to see how warped his judgment has become. The Postman Always Rings Twice was remade in 1981 with Jessica Lange and Jack Nicholson in the lead roles. I've never seen it, but hearsay suggests that, although it is much steamier (minus the restrictive censorship laws), this version is still far superior, even after all these years. With its edgy character development, it's stylish photography, and with Turner and Garfield as the leads, it is indeed a terrific film and remains a verifiable masterpiece of Hollywood film noir. Mike Leonard July 05. 
I absolutely abhor this film. Want to know why? Because it labled 'Valley of the Dolls' and everything Jacqueline Susann ever wrote into 'great campy fun'. Now I don't know this for certain, but I don't think Jacqueline Susann wanted people to see her books as cheesy comedies. I think she wanted people to take her work seriously, and with this awfully made film, no one did. To others, the film might be so bad it's funny, but to devoted fans of the book it's just depressing. The movie was made in 1967, a year after the book was published and you can see that Jacqueline Susann was ahead of her time, because the film is poorly adapted and very censored. You know you have a problem when the book would receive an R rating if transferred onto the screen, but the movie is only rated PG. Besides the sex scenes, language, pill popping and other thematic elements that are left out, important details to the plot are also missing. Anne's hatred of Lawrenceville, Helen Lawson's screen time, Jennifer's complicated and somewhat absuive relationship with Tony, Allen and Gino Cooper, Henry's character development, Jennifer's relationship with the Senator (and the reason she committs suicide), the tragic ending, etc are all either missing or are shortened down. I don't care if the movie would have been almost three hours long, I think if they had stuck close enough to the book, then everything would have been fine. What a shame. And please don't mention the casting of actors. Save for Patty Duke, I thought everyone else did a horrible job. Some of the actors didn't even look the physical part (in the book Anne is actually a blonde, Helen Lawson has dark hair and Jennifer is curvy). The thing that really gets me though is why has this film never been remade? It's almost forty years later, and I think that this story definately deserves to be given justice and have a proper film adaptation. How about Kate Bosworth as Anne Welles, Scarlett Johansson as Jennifer North, Keira Knightly as Neely O'Hara, Joaquin Phoenix as Lyon Burke, and Liza Minnelli as Helen Lawson? Well I doubt that will ever happen, so in the meantime I recommend reading the book instead, and taking it seriously the way Jacqueline Susann had intended it to be 
There are no words to describe how AWFUL (!!!) this "movie" was from beginning to end, but let me try anyway so as to give people a fair chance to avoid it and thus try and prevent their day/evening from being ruined: the film supposedly deals with a woman who has an accident and is "touched" by a sex angel only to discover she is a sex addict and the twelfth sex apostle... Need I say more? The plot, the "humor," the dialogues, and the music are way beyond "below average." There is next to no nudity and there are no, I mean 0 as in ZERO beautiful girls, in this film! As for the acting-oh my- the acting is beyond words... School plays (and pre-school for that matter) have better actors! It is truly sad... Rent or buy (ha ha ha) at your own risk. You have been warned! 
If you love Manilow, you will enjoy this dvd of a great entertainer. All the old hits plus many new ones.This dvd is almost like being there 
While I have not purchased this box set I have seen many of the episiodes several times as I am a fan of Spongebob allthough he and Patrick can be a bit pathetic at times. For example, in "The Idiot Box" when they order a TV just to play in the box. Anywhyey as someone has said in there reviews some dummy snipped out "Just One" bit of the episiode "Just One Bite" which is my personal favorite spongebob episiode because of the music as well as the humor. You all know it so there's no need for explanation. I think it's so pathetic that certain scene's in cartoons have to be snipped out 
If you read between the lines on all these glowing reviews, you will find out that this is a ridiculous movie with some good (not great) acting. Jessica Lange basically does an impression of Marilyn Monroe with a southern accent. Well not all of the time, since her accent seems to come and go. The amount of effort that you will spend trying to suspend your disbelief will negate any good qualities this movie has. Skip it unless you really, really, really love Jessica Lange. By the way, if this movie is set in the early sixties, why does the daughter have a peace sign on her bedroom wall? This is the same daughter that finds a grenade in a drawer and promptly pulls the pin and tosses it to her boyfriend! Puh-lease 
Moonlighting is one of the greatest series to ever grace television. Bruce Willis and Cybill Shepherd have a chemistry that just makes the episodes work. The scripts are well written, funny when they are supposed to be and serious when they are supposed to be. All I can say is you should check it out and see for yourself. I'm very happy I decided to buy these DVDs. 
I was disapointd in this show. It was mad and release by Warners (MARVEL's biggest rival and DC's parent company), This new take on the X-Men had them behave like horny teenage doofuses,and don't get me started on the crappy writing. Just like X2 was not the X-Men, this show was also the same. It was in Name Only, and speaking as the only loyal Marvel fan here, That says i all 
This movie is not very realistic. The sets are great!, but the story is a Biblical SNAFU! They had the chance to embellish the real story, without compromizing the Bible's account, but chose instead to incorporate incidents that were thousands of years later, which impeached any incredibility it might have had. I didn't like it much for that reason. 
I'm a fan of Audrey Hepburn and this movie relys heavily - too heavily on her charm. And unfortunately, it is some of her worst acting work, posey, sing-song, and superficial. Now, if you've read her bio, and know what was going on with her and Holden, that could explain it, but still, this film is very static. Like most Heburn films, a highlight is her clothes, her style, her self. This film self-consciously relys on this when the script itself could simply have been better. There are some very fun cameos by big performers that raise moments here. This film would have benefited greatly by a better comic actress in the lead. Jayne Mansfield could have been a hoot in this, Thelma Ritter too, in a very different way, somebody with less style and more off beat snap, crackle, and pop. (Thelma Ritter and William Holden paired in a romantic comedy... I'm all ready laughing!) Before I hit this too harshly, this film was intended to be a trifle, the kind of movie that has bright colors and light plot for a hot summer day that sizzles. For that, it is adequate. The remake, ALEX AND EMMA suffers very much from the same problems. They actually improved the script, and gave the leading lady room to make some very wacky choices, but both films seem to have suffered from "settling for a star" when a less mainstream, more zany actress was needed. OK, this doesn't stink...it has Audrey, but it certainly doesn't sizzle 
Marc Singer is a bloke from England who moved to New York City, saw all these homeless sleeping on the streets, and became friends with them. They in turn trusted him, accepted him as one of their own, and showed him their secret living quarters. Deep underground in abandoned train tunnels, the homeless erected huts out of anything scavenged off the streets. Intelligent and resourceful, they had hooked up to free electricity and had working TV's and stoves. What makes this documentary five stars instead of four is the making of documentary. Only there do you learn that the movie crew WERE the tunnel folks. Only there do you learn how Singer made this movie with no money, equipment, or knowledge of filmmaking. This movie took six years from start to finish. Unfortunately, it was not the financial success its producers hoped for. But it resonates unbelievably. The deleted scenes are not to be missed, although some are much better than others. The one where a man talks about how his cousin killed a cat for food, and the scene where two young men talk in X-rated detail about recent sexual activities lent nothing to the film 
This black and white masterwork of film is a must see for all. This is a not just a courtroom movie, but an examination of ourselves and how we see each other. Reginald Rose's original play reads like a powerhouse, even in a highschool english class, but given the direction of Sidney Lumet, the dynamite cast and the beautifully stark black and white cinematography it becomes a legend on film. This movie centers on the diverse jury and it's deliberations in the murder trial of a young Puerto Rican man accused of killing his own father. It is an examination of our perception of one another, our selfish nature, our apathy when a crisis occurs-but does not affect us and our preconceived ideas of each other NOT based not upon fact, but upon our own experiences and traumas. It sheds light on how we process our decisions and how we can be easily yet unknowingly swayed away from the truth and yet believe we make honest and fair evaluations of fact, when in all truth we do not. This was the ONLY film in which Henry Fonda starred AND was the producer and it was slow to take off at the box office. But within a few years this film became an american film mainstay. Regardless of the stunning performances and positive reviews, he never produced again. This film has many of the early television and film greats and each gives a RIVETING PERFORMANCE!!! There's Jack Klugman, Martin Balsam, John Fiedler, E.G. Marshall and Lee J. Cobb who gives one of the most memorable performances in the film. Cobb, who was known for his moving portrayal of Willie Loman in Death of a Salesman, is aggravating and compelling. Fonda depicts the "voice of reason" juror that is neither self-righteous or bleeding-heart wimpy. He challenges the other jurors and the viewer alike to rethink their conclusions and recalculate them by utilizing ALL the facts. Anyone that sees this movie will recognize at least someone they know that is like each juror, which are designated only by number throughout it's entirety, in their daily lives. Don't let the black and white format sway you, this DVD is presented in a lovely widescreen format that intensifies the expert cinematic talents of the golden age of the silver screen. This is considered an essential for anyone that loves film. My thirteen year old actually sat mesmerized through the whole film and began to watch some of my other DVDs (To Kill a Mockingbird, Inherit the Wind, Judgement At Nuremburg, to name a few) and at that tender young age, he is determined to spread the word and keep the tradition of sharing these movies of great distinction.. Metaldiva Sez: This is one of the essential films you should watch and share with your friends and family. This is an excellent price to own and to share. Get it today.... 
This is a must-have DVD, not only for wrasslin' fans, but for all of mankind. You will learn the ways of the WARRIOR and hopefully learn something about yourself as well. 
To Anchor Bay Entertainment: If you release The Grey Fox on DVD we'll buy it! This is truly a great film. Five stars is as good as it gets. Can you ask for more incentive than that? 
I love Stargate, and give the movie 5 stars. I own a VHS copy, and have watched it many times. With that said this "Ultimate Edition" is not ultimate at all. There are no real special features. The documentary is a cheesy one that explores if there is a real stargate, but there are no...NO...behind the scenes/making of Star Gate insights at all. This documentary has nothing to do with the cast/crew/design/production of the movie. This does not, by any means, make this DVD ultimate. This DVD edition isn't ultimate at all, but extremely mediocre. The only special feature on this disk is a producer/director audio commentary that can run during the movie. That's it. Really. No kidding 
Jude is a very powerful film. It is also very disturbing, but it is absolutely a must see. This is an adaptation of Thomas Hardy's last novel, the film isn't exactly like the novel, but if you can ignore that then you'll find that this is quite a terrific film. Just don't expect exactly what you got from the novel. Over all I give it four stars. 
I never tire of this film. The acting,the marvelous filming locations, the costumes.... perfection. I can't watch it without wanting to have a cup of tea and a hot scone to accompany the viewing. In fact, I once stopped the video, baked scones, and continued to watch it while munching a freshly baked scone and a cuppa. Try it. I now own the DVD also 
I loved the original movie, and I love Johnny Depp so I thought this movie would be awesome.Wrong wrong wrong!! First of all, the child actors were horrible, well the Charlie and Mike characters were ok, but the two girl actors were the worst I've seen in a long time. And what did they do to Johnny Depp? He was so creepy and weird. I took my nine year old to see it in the theater, and even she almost fell asleep. If you really want a treat watch the original with Gene Wilder 
I bought this DVD after watching Jessica Simpson's latest music video "These boots are made for walkin'". I thought her Reality Tour Live will have some catchy songs and video but was very disappointed. May be OK for those who just want to watch Jessica sing 
I hate to be the dissenting voice here, but The Boost is one of the most hilariously bad, cliched and over-the-top pictures I've seen in a long while. It's so silly it unintentionally wanders into John Waters territory several times. The thing is, James Woods acts like he's on coke before his character starts doing coke, so when he actually starts the coke binge, the movie enters a hyperreal realm of ridiculousness. Still, it has its moments, such as Sean Young falling down a flight of stairs and having a miscarriage, or Woods explaining that cocaine "just takes your natural energy and amplifies it". A good title would be "National Lampoon's Cautionary Cocaine Tale of the 1980s" 
Masterful pretty much says it all. I agree with the reveiwers who rated it "one of the best all time movies"---not just among westerns. This film is Wayne's HIGH NOON. The hard edges play well with today's viewers and the things we confront. You will travel with the Duke as he is consumed by hate. He's not out to save the young lady, but to destroy her. What will happen when he is face to face with her? Watch and enjoy a great film! If you are looking for a new western I highly recomemend "Broken Trail! 
This movie was AWESOME! Ben Stiller is a comic GENIUS, he's the new Jerry Lewis! DeNiro, AWESOME! Hoffman, AWESOME! Streisand, AWESOME and still very sexy for an old liberal ho! I thought the sight gags were priceless, and the plot line serene! This was Hollywood movie watching heaven! This film should have won some Academy Awards! I mean if Marisa Torme can win for My Cousin Vinnie, these A-1 actors should've at least been nominated! This is a highly entertaining film, and I recommend it to every and anyone to see, but wear your Depends, because you might pee yourself from laughing so hard! Dubya 99, you don't know what in the FRIGGIN' H E L L you're talking about! Yeah like we're suppose to take the opinion of an anti-social loser, that complains about going out to the movies? Stay home, I'm sure Dateline NBC will be calling soon about that episode they had recently 
Thankfully I watched this movie having recorded it on my DVR so I could fast forward through most of the scenes with Uma Thurman and John Travolta. Their scenes and dialogue were so horrible that fast forward was the only way to get through the movie. Besides, this is not the kind of movie that you really need their dialogue to understand or enjoy it. As usual, Uma's acting is simply dreadful. I tend to avoid any movie with her in it because I know it will be bad. How she became a "star" in Hollywood is beyond me. She is not attractive nor can she act. She could have been replaced by a nobody and it wouldn't have changed the movie one bit. I think when they need an actress who doesn't mind playing drivel roles, they call her. John Travolta is not much better. His version of "cool" just doesn't do it for me. His diction is becoming more slurred as the years go by that I hate to hear him speak. And someone please tell Uma and John that nobdody wants to see them dance so please just stop finding reasons to do so. The ONLY reason I gave this movie 2 stars is because of The Rock and Vince Vaughn. Their roles were priceless and had me laughing all throughout the movie. I never grew tired of Vaughn pimping and The Rock primping. While I fast forwarded through Uma and Travolta's scenes, I tended to rewind during Rock's and Vaughn's scenes; they were so funny I had to see them again. Cedric the Entertainer was also pretty good. 
For what purpose these lies about the life of this man? Are the liberal film makers racists who don't believe that there is a good black man to depict on film so they have to lie? If someone wanted to write fiction about a badass black fighter on the cusp of super stardom who is framed for a murder then be my guest. Hurricane carter is not and was not that man. Facts: In the movie denzel washington is shown in military garb with more medals on his cheat than colin powell. They want to drive home the point that here was a man who served his country and is now about to be screwed by it. Fact is carter was kicked out of the army after being court mashalled 4 times! In a title fight scence with an italian american fighter named giodello carter is depictied as beating this man pillar to post only to be screwed out of the decision he so richly deserved. Fact, giardello deserved to win that fight according to the overwhelming number of experts who have viewed it then and now on tape. The depitction is another lie. Another lie is this notion put forth in the movie that hurricane was on the verge of getting that title before mean white bigots framed him for this murder. Fact is that carter's boxing career was going down hill and he had only won 8 of his last 15 fights. As carter's boxing career failed he became more militant in his political views and hated white people. While in prison he was diagnosed to be psychotic. Yeah a psychotic racist is the model for black america. Shame. Norman jewison must not think much of black folks to make a movie of lies like this. Denzel washington should be ashamed he participated in such trash. Those who produced this trash bet that the average public would be gullible enough to believe these lies with no attempt at knowing the truth and hollywood didn't care; they just like the message. Looking at these reviews i have to say they made a good bet. America bashing and race baiting is alive and well, earning oscars and making for big box office. A shame. 
All time classic musical/drama/love story. No matter your economic circumstances, with the right help anyone can succeed. (Just don't forget the people you left behind! 
he kept it real thats all i can say. aw yeah those people talkin bout its too much cussin. what u expect im from the hood and every other word i say is a cuss word. i just cant help it. everybody in the hood cusses. but anyways.. 
Judy Garland, Marlena Deitrich, Shirley Bassey, and Marilyn Monroe are L.V.'s (short for Little Voice) best friends in the world! On 33 1/3 LP's, that is! L.V. Hoff, played specactularly by Absolutely Fabulous' Miss Jane Horrocks, is a timid, shy, mousy young girl who cloisters herself in her bedroom day after day and plays her dear, dead father's record collection over and over again. You see, L.V. and her boisterous, overbearing, abusive pig of a mother, Mari played wonderfully by the great Brenda Blethyn live above the family business, Hoff Records. Enter telephone men George and Billy, (Philip Jackson Ewan McGregor). They install Mari's first phone in the Hoff's small flat. Billy is a backward chap himself with only his homing pigeons as friends but once he meets L.V., he is smitten and so is she. Mari, always on the lookout for a new beau, finds one in talent producer, Ray Say, played by a great Michael Caine. So great, in fact that Michael was nominated for an Oscar for his performance of the producer/womanizer/lothario Mr. Ray Say. After Ray hears L.V. singing in her upstairs bedroom he knows he has found a star and pawns everything he owns to make money and exploit L.V.'s singing talent. L.V. debuts at Mr. Boo's (Jim Broadbent) variety club but gets a terrible case of stage fright and ends up being "booed" off the stage. Of course, Ray wants L.V. to try again so under the influence of Ray, Mari and her friend Sadie, played by Annette Badland, L.V. agrees to do one more show. L.V. is a HIT with her impersonations of all her and her father's favorite singers and actors. Ray makes a BOATLOAD of money, wants L.V. to come away with him, Mari gets jealous and lots of other crazy things happen with a shocker of an ending that you won't forget! This movie was adapted from the stage play of the same name that was written especially for Jane Horrocks in mind as Little Voice. I don't understand how Miss Horrocks was passed over for an Oscar nomination herself. She is splendid in this film as is the whole cast of characters. Highly Recommended and Happy Watching! 
I hate lawyers. What is a lawyer, anyway? Basically: it's a telemarketer in a decent suit, a guy who would be hawking the latest Ronco Hair-in-a-Can super-duper late night special to folks in Akron over his plantronic headset, only he won the genetic lottery and got shot out of an upper-middle class womb. Shakespeare said it first and best: "First, let's kill all the lawyers!". Former Enron uber-dealmaker John Wing put a little fast-times Houston spin on that one: "get all the lawyers in a room---and shoot 'em!---in the mouth, so you *can't* miss!" Exactly. Anyway, "The Firm" is a flick that purports to make the world of high-priced yappers jaw-rippingly exciting, so I was probably all amped up to despise it. But not really: back before I dug into a gig with the Dark Side in high finance, back when I was hefting a backpack over the sodden campus of my old alma mater, I briefly considered going into law: briefly, for about an hour. It was a desperate time, and I needed money. Why did I consider walking Hell's Highway, if only for an instant? Because John Grisham, boring lawyer-turned-ripping-potboiler-writer-turned-back-into-boring-lawyer, a kind of Tom Clancy for the paper-pusher and green-eyeshade set, made it all sound pretty damned funky (and lucrative! Hey, dig that BMW 7 series, baby, beep beep!) in his engrossing little novel "The Firm": granted, I've read better prose on the backs of cereal boxes, but it held my attention. I mean, seriously: you're 19, and the whole flying out on the corporate Lear to Grand Cayman and switching out briefcases full of cash sounds kinda cool. And strippers, man, plenty of strippers. Oh, and did someone mention a BMW? What's the difference between a lawyer and a snake? The snake at least has the decency to hiss before it sinks its fangs into your a**. Now it's true: Grisham writes like Kim Jong Il sings, but---in "The Firm", anyway---he was a master craftsman at moving things along at a bristling pace, from the pedestrian---hotshot Law School whiz kid gets picked up by a Memphis white-shoe law firm---to the Pretty Damned Atrocious, all while keeping the pressure ratcheted up with a dense, suffocating sense of malice. Grisham, like Michael Crichton, isn't a prose genius: he's not even mediocre. But he writes for film, and "The Firm" cried out for cinematic treatment. So it's baffling that, with all the right Stuff---Tom Cruise as winsome lead Mitch McDeere, Gene Hackman doing his chain-drinking Gene Hackman thang as the corrupt (but ultimately worn-out and pathetic) senior partner, and Sydney Pollack helming it up---that the big-screen treatment of "The Firm" is such a yawner. Talk about contempt of court. Pollack takes all that intricately woven little Grisham-plot and barfs big ugly chunks of it up on the screen. At its guts, really, "The Firm" was really nothing more than the Big Career Nightmare: I've bet the farm on this gig, I'm getting big money, I'm working like a fiend, my wife is having trouble remembering my name, and evidently I'm not doing tax-deals for loaded clients---I'm doing money laundering for The Mob. Pollack just mangles the whole thing, convolutes the simple, and renders up a flick that will have you checking your watch and yawning. Casting is part of the problem: Cruise does his thing, running around Memphis with his briefcase. Hackman drinks a lot and exudes pure Armani-clad sleaze: "The Firm" is all funny-wrinkles when he's onscreen, but hey, a man can only do so much. Jeanne Tripplehorn (Cruise's squeeze), who plays Lara San Giacomo when she's not playing Tripplehorn (seriously, google the two of 'em: astounding!) is a bitter old battleaxe who made me want to stick forks in my eyes. Wilford Brimley is just plain wrong as The Firm's security chief: too bald, too cracker, too rotund, too silly, too low-end, to do the role justice. Holly Hunter is even worse: Hunter is one of those eighties thangs who got pumped up as Something Sexy, which is baffling, given that she's about 3'8, and has all the sex appeal of an Oompah-Loompah. It doesn't help that she's a big, ugly Southern stereotype, the caricature most denizens of dumpy Michigan towns imagine Southerners to be. You want her to die: she doesn't. Pollack wants us to think she's clever and funny. She isn't. Ed Harris, I think, is in this movie. So is Hal Holbrook, which kinda ruins everything, because everytime Hal Holbrook is in a movie you know you're dealing with a bunch of friggin' crooks. Anyway, the coup de grace to the stupidity is the entrance, Deus Ex Machina, of Paul Sorvino (Don Morolto---what kind of Goombah name is dat, anyway? Somebody call Tony Soprano!), who takes this juggernaut of boredom from the merely stupid to the totally ridiculous. If you wanna see Tom Cruise running around Memphis with his briefcase for two hours, by all means belly up to the bar. Otherwise, case dismissed. JS 
I saw this at the library and brought it home, thinking it might be interesting to watch. I very rarely watch films made after the 1950's, but this one looked as if it could be enjoyable. It ended up being only mildly enjoyable, and a bit boring. I felt that within all the time it ran, we didn't really get a good understanding of the inner being of the main characters; seemed to remain in shallow waters all along. The film was sort of good...pretty photography,and for the most part it seemed like the costumes, hair, way of speaking, etc. were accurate for the time period (so often such movies are so obviously modern people dressed up and pretending to be from way back when) but something just wasn't quite right, and it is hard to know exactly what it was. I was surprised and disappointed that there was quite a long scene with male nudity which to me was quite unnecessary and inappropriate. I think the whole swim scene could have been done effectively without showing full nudity. I am grateful the women in the film remained properly clothed. So I would not recommend this film for families with young children, because of the nudity. 
What a splendid teacher is this! A soothing, captivating movie. The students are most endearing. I found it interesting that, in the special features interview with the guy who made this movie, he refers to the teacher as "the teacher" and not by his name, Georges Lopes. This moviemaker appears to be of the opinion that there are a lot of teachers who could have filled this role as well, or nearly as well. Well let me tell you, he is wrong. This teacher is special. There are not very many teachers as patient and diplomatic and considerate on this entire planet as Georges Lopez 
I have four kids, boys and girls, ages 3 to 8. We all LOVE Hot Wheels, World Race. We previewed the first Acceleracer movie, and were VERY disappointed! I agree that perhaps it is targeted to some older kids, but that leaves a void for the younger ones. Why do the characters have HUGE, unnatural feet and arms (not to mention Lani's breast augmentation)? Lani now looks like a streetwalker, Taro (my favorite) like a cheap hood, and what happened to Marky? The themes have turned dark, the behavior (street racing, violence, nastiness) provides an incredibly poor example. A movie that was very safe and innocuous has turned into a minefield for my children. I disagree with some reviewers that the kids "don't pay attention" to those parts...we will not let our kids watch this trash! My kids and their parents are mystified at why such a good thing was allowed to go so far down. We told them it is rated PG (I agree with that reviewer) and they might watch it when they are older. Parents beware--do not trust materials marked for children to necessarily be appropriate 
I wasn't impressed by this film. First of all, I could never "buy" that Saskia Reeves and Clive Owen were a brother and sister. Nothing in their mannerisms or physical appearances would lead you to believe that they are related. Nor does the backstory provided by the film give any credibility to their supposed brother-sister relationship. They might as well have been unrelated lovers having a difficult relationship due to their massive immaturity and character problems, because that's how the relationship came across. Personally, outside of the button-pushing topic of incest, I found this movie dull and sometimes tawdry. Clive Owen looked and acted like a low-grade truculent Lawrence Harvey, and Saskia Reeves was simply annoying (like her character, a weak, hopeless drifter from job to job and man to man.) The only actors who showed any real feeling were Alan Rickman as the husband, and Karl Johnson as Clive Owen's AIDS-stricken boss. Karl Johnson has the best scene in the film: he goes to a meeting with sores around his mouth and in a wheelchair, obviously suffering from AIDS, and this very fact intimidates the guy he's gone to meet. The man keeps trying to subtly jerk his uneaten lunch away from any contact with the Karl Johnson character, and in the end Karl Johnson seizes the guy's sandwich and bites it, then offers the other guy a bite, pushing the sandwich into his face, basically...it's a scene that crackles with his anger pain at being trapped by this illness, which is going to kill him, while this corrupt and self-important man is able to function normally. But aside from that wake-up call, the film dragged, and by the time Clive Owen's character was shouting in the climatic scene his realization that he's been used by his "sister" to inflate her sense of self-importance, I was long gone, with my head nodding. Much ado about nothing, frankly. One star for the soundtrack; one star for the performances of Alan Rickman (what little he has to work with, he shines) and Karl Johnson. Die-hard Clive Owen fans such as myself; eeeh, pass on this. 
Sat down and saw this one on televion. Only good service was that now I know buying the DVD would be a waste of money. What was actually achieved by the British is portrayed as an American achievement. Slanders the U-boat men portraying them as heartless marauders. Other than allied Propoganda pieces, There are no incidents of U-boats machinegunning people in lifeboats. The movie itself I have little respect. Basicly Plotless and unrealistic. Action scenes unbelievable. Characters Two Dimensional. This film Awful. 
OK, Basquiat, at age 19- see the actual person. PERIOD(so wonderfully played by Wright in movie "Basquiat")What a major trainwreck of film this is.Should have stayed where it was buried. Sorry, won't waste my time to list all the many, very many reasons, already wasted my money. 
Lots of good exercises and lots of helpful hints. Good dvd! Would recommend it to friends 
I rented this on a whim and it brought back a lot of memories from my 1970s days in elementary school. This video made its rounds in the public schools. The songs are catchy and the film quality is good. But make no mistake, this is propaganda aimed at children. I will not be showing it to my kids. Despite the freewheeling title, the message is that girls will find happiness only if they mimic boys. Case in point: Atalanta, a princess, finds happiness when she competes with men in a footrace and when she rejects marriage so she can travel the world (on her father's horse). She also designs and fabricates rocketships in her spare time. Juxtapose that story with another cartoon where a femine girl in a pink dress and curls is devoured by tigers when she follows the custom of "ladies first." The tigers abide her request and throw her into a boiling cauldron. The narrator advises us that the boiling girl makes a very tasty meal. Our "hosts", infant puppets voiced by Mel Brooks and Marlo Thomas, are revolting. There should be a law against using Mel Brooks' voice for a baby. Apparently, I repressed memories of these creatures, but seeing them again brought back the horror. Needless to say, I fast forwarded through the disturbing puppetry. Overall, this DVD is fun for thirtysomethings but should be kept away from children 
If you are willing to risk to watch this movie, just a warning: it's really a turkey, one of the BIG ones.. 
I really enjoyed this DVD. It was sent through the postal system in very guickly. Thanks 
This is definitely the best new anime series on the shelves. The storyline is great, but this should have been the last DVD. Things are getting noticeably dragged out at this point and what really steams me is getting only 3 episodes on this disc after paying over $20. That's bogus. DVDs can fit way more episodes on a single disc, and it's a rip off the way anime is being marketed lately. The Cowboy Bebop series had 5 episodes per disc at the start, then dropped down to 4. Now it's just getting worse. At this point I'm starting to regret buying the Stand Alone Complex series instead of renting it. I am going to buy volume 7 to see how things turn out, though. Throughout the series I think disc 4 was my favorite 
I did not see this series when it originally aired in the late 80's. I had seen Winds of War, however, and -- at that time, I loved it. Now, when I purchased the DVD's, both series seem somewhat dated and the acting stilted at times to the point of being a distraction. I particularly have trouble with accepting Robert Mitchum as a virile, intelligent, sombre, alert and perceptive, about 50-something Pug Henry. I wish some filmmaker (Curtis would be great!) would do a REMAKE of this entire project -- making it into a 4 hour feature movie -- tightening up the script entirely (apologies to Mr. Wouk who wrote the teleplay) -- mostly keep in the historical scenes--but more realistic battle scenes especially those at sea-- and do away with some of the long, soap opera dialogue scenes. Keep the Holocaust part intact --these were the MOST powerful Holocaust scenes I've EVER seen and I've seen most of them; but have someone like Kevin Costner be Pug Henry (or Harrison Ford). And find a truly young, very vibrant Natalie (an actress who has a commanding yet somehow innocent presence), and a gorgeous, rather naive rebel leading man to play Byron (Briney). We need to feel their chemistry -- otherwise, what transpires (Briney's desperate attempts to find Natalie and his son) seem over-wrought and contrives.I LOVED Polly Bergen as Rhoda -- it might be hard to find anyone better, I think. And you'd need a new Hitler -- one who is more like the actor who played him in Winds of War 
Most of this movie is terrible, but who's complaining? The epically long "Begin the Beguine" is the climax of the movie it makes the whole mess worthwhile. The last 11 minutes of this movie are mind-blowingly great -- absolute perfection. The sets, the cinematography, the costumes, the orchestrations the extraordinary routine itself -- everything combines to make "Begin the Beguine" the most ravishing, glamorous black white production number ever put on film. It's Hollywood at its apogee, the quintessence of silver screen glamor. A few of the other numbers are fun: the first, "Don't Monkey with Broadway" is clever pleasant; later on, Fred Astaire's lovely "I've Got My Eyes on You" is also winning: a charming routine that he dances to a delightful, cheerful orchestration. Some other numbers are worth seeing, as well, but "Begin the Beguine" outshines everything else in this picture. In between the numbers, there's a lot of dreary silliness afoot. Happily, DVD technology makes it easy to skip over the dross go straight for the gold. Eleanor Powell was a very odd actress. She was rather pretty decidedly perky (how much you go for perky will determine how agreeable you find her personality); she was also quite feminine. Why, then, does she speak out of the side of her mouth like a gangster? She often sounds like a distaff Edward G. Robinson ("Dat was SWELL, Johnny, SWELL! Nyah!"). But man oh man, could she dance! 
I've been doing this DVD workout for two years, and I still can't make it all the way through the "level 2" workouts. This video is incredibly challenging, but I like that I can do the "level 1" workouts and have the goal of making it to the next level one day. No other DVD can accomplish what Tamilee does in 15 minutes. This really makes me value how efficient she is at giving you exercises that are really challenging and in a short amount of time. I am always sore the next day when I do her workouts. This is a great DVD 
Some classic episodes indeed. All In The Family broke new ground in television sitcoms. The world ws changing and liberalism was making its presence in many households. Archie Bunker's old fashioned values were being challenged. It is certainly a bit scary how prejudiced Archie Bunker's views were. Organizing petitions against minorities moving into his neigborhood? Not willing to donate blood for the fear it will save someone of a different race or religion? Quite a shock to the system especially when its seen today where society is very sensitive to what you can say because it might offend someone. Certainly a great show that makes you think about differing points of view and how we have evolved since the 1970's. Carol O'Connor, Jean Stapelton, Sally Struthers, and Rob Reiner portray a slice of pie in ever changing times. All In The Family spawned off may other great shows such as The Jeffersons, Maude, and indirectly Good Times. This first season was certainly a reverred one. Just look at it with an open mind 
I wouldn't write yet another review of War and Peace if I didn't have something new to say about it, namely, War and Peace and War by Peter Turchin. Near the end of Turchin's book, about bringing the scientific method to the rise and fall of empires, he quotes extensively from the parts of Tolstoy's War and Peace. Tolstoy, with his ratio analysis of various Napoleon Grand Arme metrics to Russian army metrics, was grappling with a theory of mathematical history well over a hundred years ahead of his time. Pick up Turchin's deep book, and afterwards read War and Peace, paying particular attention to Turchin's and Tolstoy's ideas. You will never see historical dynamics the same again. Sincerely, Alex Alaniz PS--Read the book--the movie isn't so good--and please see the reviews of my own strong science fiction book: Beyond Future Shock about the near-terms perils and promise of advanced bio/nano technology in a world still roiled with Middle Age religious conflict and ever growing extreme wealth gradients 
A tribute is defined as "a gift or other acknowledgement of gratitude, respect, or admiration." That is what you have here. But, if you want a true picture of that incredible morning, don't waste your time and money, look elsewhere 
I watched this movie all the way through only because I paid $22.00 plus shipping and felt I should give it every chance to redeem itself. It is a stinker and if there were minus number ratings I would give it -10!! Rated "R" for what? Language? Adult content? I have seen Disney films more deserving of the "R" rating. This movie was silly, definitely not entertaining in any way and I threw it in the same bucket I put my dog's crap in when I clean up the yard. I am a Chris Isaak fan, have all his CDs and went to his concert on December 9. The fact that he would associate himself with this garbage has changed my view of him and unfortunately, even his music. I did not find the film offensive, I enjoy hard core porn. I feel this is a rip off, poorly done in all aspects and highly do not recommend it to anyone!!! 
I am a fan of historical fiction, and this has to be one of the most historically inaccurate films I have ever seen! What bothers me the most is that the general public, who hasn't read the Tudor biographies like some of us have, will believe this stuff because it is their only exposure to the subject! I won't go into all the inaccuracies since other reviewers have already touched on them. Why tamper with history, when it was actually more fascinating than what was portrayed in this movie. 
One of the worst movies i've ever seen, no real plot and acting is as bad as it can get. Not even Samuel Jackson's appearance saves this sorry excuse for a movie. Horrible. Awful 
If this movie were set in the US, I would've given it 1 star but the British accent, humor, and colloquialisms partially saved it...but not enough, sorry to say! Why not? Because despite a few mildly surprising and utterly contrived plot twists here and there, this film is still built on a particularly toxic myth: the desperately lonely and insecure 30-something single woman who is made to be as endearingly pathetic as possible for the audience to root for her inevitable finding by a Mr. Right. Here, the film accomplishes that by making the central character tubby, clumsy, and possessing ridiculously bad luck and ill timing. Almost from the first 5 minutes, this movie just reeks of focus-group-inspired audience manipulation as it slogs through the same old trite cliches and recycled TV-sitcom bits. Was there even ONE half-original character in this whole movie? Don't remember any...maybe because I'd like to forget this dreadful cringe-fest of a flick ASAP 
R.J. The Raccoon (Bruce Willis) was just looking for something to eat as he stumbles into his bear friend's (Nick Nolte) cave and accidently destroys his food, he has an entire week to find almost every scrap of food for him or else he dies. He finds a family of animals (Gary Shandling, William Shatner, Wanda Sykes, Steve Carrell, Eugene Levy, Catherine O'Hara, Avril Lavigne) and uses them for his scheme to go over the large hedge near their territory to the suburbs where they steal food from the humans. Later on, the home-owner Gladys (Allison Janey) hires professional exterminator Dwayne (Thomas Hayden Church) to kill them but can RJ save his own life or his new friends's? Extremely entertaining and fantastic CGI animated comedy from the makers of "Shrek 1 2", "Antz" and "Madagscar" Dreamworks provides great realistic CGI and laughs for everybody. There's also heart in this movie and shows the meaning of what it is like to have friends and be one's true self instead of being selfish! Steve Carrell's character Hammy the Squirrel steals the show here as the best character in the movie, it's a wonderful and hilarious movie that can be enjoyed by both kids and adults. This DVD has some good extras like two sneek previews to "Shrek 3" and "Bee-Movie", audio commentary, behind-the-scenes featurette, VerneTech commercial, games, meet the cast featurette and gallery. Highly recommended! the best Dreamworks animated movie since "Shrek 1 2" 
This is a fantastic Keith Urban video. My favorites would undoubtedly be "Somebody Like You," and "Raining On Sunday." I wondered why Keith wasn't barefooted in the "Where the Blacktop Ends" video :) even so it's a great DVD worth adding to your collection! My only disappointment was that there wasn't a video of "You'll Think of Me. 
Two years later, the Red Sox fan still wakes up on the odd morning late in September thinking it never happened. It was a utopian dream, the comfort of the drugged and sleeping. But it *did* happen. It's here on film. They couldn't have made this all up and - besides - I remember it. Like it was yesterday. The producers of this DVD didn't have much of a World Series series to work with. The Sox swept the Cardinals in four. The real drama was the American League Championship Series. Still, the producers have done a remarkable job of building the context of the Curse of the Bambino, the tragedy snatched from the jaws of triumph in years that are branded into the thighs and brains of Red Sox fans - 1967, 1975, 1986 - the new Spring hopes that make one feel a little foolish. The mind games. The despair. The self-loathing. It all ended in 2004. It's right here on film. The names now fit comfortably beside those of Yaz and the rest of Fenway's venerable ghosts: Schilling, Damon (still beloved in pinstripes), Pedro, Millar, Derek Lowe, Trot, Big Papi, Manny Being Manny, 'Skip' Francona, the undyingly heroic field captain 'Tek' Varitek, the man paid to steal one base (Dave Roberts). The gutsy trade of Nomar. Then there were the demons of this passion play: All the Yankees, but particularly A-Rod, who played the part of a bizarrely emasculated Lucifer. And all the Yankees, again. And again. Everybody else was just there that season for bit parts and background noise for Big Papi's walkoff homers and Curt Schillings epochal bloody sock, the crux of Red Sox Nation's unlikely redemption. A Red Sox fan watching this DVD for the fifth time can still not suppress the goosebumps. Where were we for this game? And that game? The true fans among us are slightly embarrassed about the fact that we remember where, a stroke of intellectual capacity that is supposed to be reserved for truly international events. As I write this in mid-October, 2006, the Sox are at home and Detroit is facing off with Oakland for the American League Championship. It doesn't matter. We won. It's right there on the DVD. Plus, the soundtrack is brilliant. It all ends in glory after all, not ashes. Redemption 
Videodriome is a movie I've been a fan of for years. I use the movie as a test to see if people are REAL movie and horror fans and not just posers. The best part of the film is that any day now Fox will greenlight a reality TV show where twenty-somethings are killed in front of a live studio audience. If you're new to the work of David Croneburg- check this out ASAP and see what all the fuss is about. The Criterion DVD is stacked with extras and the transfer is a thing of beauty. 
A great reality show, following a group of working class youths in England getting the chance to become cooks in a top UK restaurant for free. It's highly entertaining and well worth the price. We caught this show when we were visiting Australia and got hooked. Also check out Jamie's School Dinners series, available on Amazon UK 
First of all, I have lost count of the ammount of times I have seen this movie but every time I watch it I get goose bumps. This is how affective the movie is. George C. Scott (of "Patton" fame) plays a composer who rents a house to live in while he teaches and tries to cope with tragedy. Soon the house begins to exhibit strange occurances and Mr. Scott begins to investige the house's history. This is all you need to know about the plot because anything else would ruin the film. This movie is all about atmosphere. There are no scenes of gore and slaughter like so many big budget horror films nowadays. This film does not need to gross the viewer out. The Changeling simply tells a great story as the viewer learns about the house and witnesses the haunting at the same time as the characters. You are pulled into this film because it entertains and frightens with ease. There is nothing "in your face" about the scares. This film is for fans of the 1960's film "The Haunting" or anyone who just enjoys a good ghost story. Don't even bother to rent it because it cheap enough to buy and I guarantee you'll watch it more than once. I have recommended it to many people and I never heard a negative comment. For the full effect, wait until night to watch it and then watch it alone. See how many times you glance over your shoulder. 
For years, I've bemoaned the switch from film to digital video for low-budget horror movies, but I'd rather watch ANYTHING shot on video than watching the waste of film that is Dead Life. Don't be fooled when I say this movie is shot on film. It SERIOUSLY looks like it was shot on a 1950s 8mm camera. It's perpetually grainy, dark, fuzzy, and shaky, and not in an artsy way. My $200 video camera looks infinitely better than this. The video quality is appropriate, however, as it's matched in wretchedness by every other facet of this stink-fest. The sound is murky and undecipherable, the acting is strictly amateur hour, the characters are paper-thin with no distinction or purpose, the story is non-existent, the dialogue is a completely worthless bore, there's nothing remotely scary, and the special effects (including a couple of computer effects that look like they were made on a Commodore 64) are laughable. Or, at least, I wish they were laughable. That would've at least made for some sort of enjoyment instead of the utter torture of this (high school) student film. It's movies like this -- cheap and devoid of any real effort to uphold the horror legacy, but which get cherry spots on Blockbuster shelves because they're packaged with slick cover art -- that give horror movies in general (and zombie movies in particular) a bad name, and that make horror fans so wary. Disgraceful! 
From the Sisyphean (say what?) misadventures of a kind of black Laurel and Hardy duo (Anthony Anderson and Lahmard J. Tate) who steal an ATM machine with no money in it that they can't open, to the white dude who thinks he's black, to Cedric the Entertainer who thinks that Rosa Parks got too much credit for parking her butt on the bus, to sexy and saucy Eve who always loves the wrong guy, this is one fine piece of entertainment. And Ice Cube as Calvin who owns the shop ain't so bad himself, although he sure has to frown a lot. Well, he's got troubles right here in the Windy City. He's always got an entrepreneurial scheme up his sleeve that just doesn't quite work out which causes him to fall behind in his property taxes. Now this might not be such a big deal but the barbershop has been in his family for three generations and it serves as a kind of neighborhood club where people can hang out and shoot the breeze. It's a beloved kind of place. Enter Lester Wallace the loan shark with muscle who makes Calvin an offer he can't refuse. Well, he does refuse it or at least he tries, but Wallace ain't the kind of dude to take a refusal. Can Calvin save the barbershop? That's the question of the main plot line, but what really makes this movie such a treat are the barbershop mini-stories that are neatly tied together and the fine repartee. And what makes THAT work is that everything in the film is seen from a point of view inside the black community and not from somebody else looking in (which never works, but is often tried). Add a warm and redemptive ending, and there ain't nobody cryin'. But see this for Tim Story who directed and got it all right, and for Mark Brown, Don D. Scott and Marshall Todd who wrote the neat and very funny script 
Trash film usurps title. People that like this film seem to come from a group that have only seen ersatz films such as the new Mummy have nothing of real movie value to compare them to. This must also be a group that has never seen a live play or an old German film. The filmmakers attempted to capture a cross between Nosferatu. It may have worked in 1920 however the film is to clear and sharp. It comes off looking more like a cross between a cartoon and a graphics ad. The actors outweighed the characters and looked like they were reading the script. I could swear that some were watching the teleprompter. And who's idea was it to cut up a three day old corps to get covered in blood that if was any, had lone ago coagulated? I could go on with quite a few examples. But you get the idea. This should be helpful even if you liked the movie. If you are driving by a place that rents this DVD, stay in the car! 
This is a great video collection of her past videos. I love it. From the sweet 'I Wanna Love You Forever' to the record label controlled image of 'Irrisistible' and 'A Little Bit' I love the 'A Little Bit' video but that was the time when she was controlled by her label which made her album flop. But overall this dvd is awesome. I like the footage from the Dream Chaser tour and the biography stuff. This is the best dvd before Jennifer Lopez's The Reel Me. 
Ignore the blurb on the VHS box, the movie is not about a couple's hot parties with hip friends, it is about a couple's awful parties with jerk friends. Now, that might not be a bad thing -- in fact, I think it could be easier to make a good movie about bad parties than about good ones -- but the advertising is dishonest. Much worse, though, is the the pointless and boring character of the movie, which is about a bunch of stupid or verbally sadistic "friends" who mostly don't like each other. While I've known cliques that keep getting together despite frictions between some members, it's inconceivable that these people would keep getting together for these abusive and tedious holiday events. Also, the couples' relationships, which come and go between these parties, are unexplained and mostly unexplored, as are some individuals' character changes, and indeed, almost everything that doesn't happen at the parties themselves 
"The human race today is in a really bad state, mainly because most people do not want to wake up. They want to be told how to behave instead of understanding their own power." -- Miceal Ledwith in The Great Questions in the Hamburger Universe, Vol. 1 of Deep Deceptions I thoroughly enjoyed the DVD "What the BLEEP Do We Know!?" mostly for the engaging snippets of dialogue from scientists, theologians, and mystics. I also enjoyed Ramtha's DVD "Create Your Day", even though it wasn't quite as good as the BLEEP cameos. It was with great expectations that I viewed The Great Questions in the Hamburger Universe, Vol. 1 of Deep Deceptions by Miceal Ledwith. Unfortunately, the plodding pace of the 57 minute DVD--as well as the ramblings of Ledwith--was very disappointing. Ledwith brings up some great points in this DVD, but never goes beyond the surface. He asserts that thinking people have discarded most of the infantile tenants of the "hamburger universe" (i.e. the "vault of the heavens" overhead with the vault of hell underneath). Yet, instead of treating his audience as intelligent folk, he makes nebulous comments without explaining the "what and why". He mentions string theory (quantum physics) and the "true" nature of the big bang, going on to say that levitation isn't a "miracle" but only a matter of superseding gravity with the "Torsion Field". The problem is that he's tossing about these terms in support of Jesus' words that "ye are all gods" and "greater works than these shall you do" without actually explaining the meaning or *science* of a Torsion Field and just how consciousness supersedes natural laws. (FYI: The Torsion Field is quantum spin waves of empty space. Einstein and Elie Cartan did some preliminary work on this theory in the 1920's. The Einstein-Cartan theory could possibly be used to explain ESP, among other things.) Ledwith spends a good portion of the DVD highlighting the silliness of traditional Christianity, including the clouds and harps of heaven. He goes on and on about how a cloud is, in reality, damp and would be uncomfortable to sit on (duh) and that if one were to play the harp for eternity, they'd wear down the fingers to the third knuckle. I understand highlighting the damage that traditional Christian thought has caused humanity, especially in terms of evolution. In fact, as a former minister trained in theology myself, I probably "get it" more than most. But while poking fun at Christian thought is popular these days, you had *better* have some theological and scientific claims to back up your assertions--especially if you want to be a part of the "thinking". Christian apologists know their Bible inside and out, so if Ledwith wants to undermine their fear-based, illogical ideas he needs to do so with his supposed area of expertise...THEOLOGY. Heck, even at a simplified level, all one has to do is consider that if an individual set a paddle on fire and repeatedly hit a baby with it over and over and over, this act would be considered a barbaric tragedy condemned by Christians (and others, of course). Yet, God the Father would do much worse by condemning humanity to eternal torment forever and ever? Apologists would say "Well, humans CHOOSE to go to hell." The interesting thing is that the Bible says "no man can come to the Father except the Holy Spirit draws him" because his understanding is "darkened". This is just one of the many points that Ledwith could bring up, but instead, he preaches to the New Age choir by ridiculing monotheistic religions (primarily Christianity) via nebulous assertions. In fairness, Ledwith makes excellent points, but nothing that you couldn't get (much more eloquently) from Marianne Williamson, Gary Zukav, Eckhart Tolle, Neale Donald Walsch, and others. Some of these points are: "We are pawns tossed about by those people we perceive as more capable and enlightened than us." "If Jesus were on Earth today, he wouldn't recognize his own teachings." "Anyone who looks back at our history can only be appalled at the small-mindedness, the hostility, the barbarism that has characterized our whole traverse as a race." "We don't realize how following another's image of God is spiritually and evolutionarily limiting. We don't even think of it." "The flat earth mentality still corrupts and completely distorts our fundamental beliefs at the basic level still today." "We've never gotten rid of the Inquistatorial mind to this day." "The answers we've been given by religion are bizarre, emotionally charged, and childish." "Heaven varies according to the broker (Christian denomination), but the basis is pretty much the same: earning credits for good behavior so you can immigrate to heaven." "God is just a human magnified (in monotheism). We take these categories from the lowest plains of existence and impose them upon the Divine. As a result, we're left with something so sentimental, mawkish, and inaccurate that it bears no relationship to reality." "Whatever God is has no gender. These childish images are holding us back." Ledwith makes other interesting comments, but they beg for elaboration. One such comment is: "(That) Jesus' death was to appease the vengeance of a savage God...this had NOTHING to do with what Jesus Christ did." I'd love to hear his explanation of the crucifixion! Spiritual teachers such as Williamson have brilliantly explained the metaphysical aspects of the crucifixion of Christ. Does Ledwith have a clue as to why Jesus died? If he did, why didn't he share it? He quotes Jesus by saying "greater works (than I) shall you do", attempting to make the case that humans are living far below their potential--mostly due to a flat earth mentality. What he fails to mention, however, is that polemicists and theologians debate the meaning of "greater works" (meizona toutn in the Greek) in terms of whether "greater" refers to quantity versus quality. (My Greek professor made a case for the former, saying that converts would multiply miracles by sheer numbers.) Ledwith also perpetuates the biggest misquote circulated in New Age circles, attributing "It's not our weakness that frightens us, it's our power" to Nelson Mandela. The actual quote is "Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure...", which was uttered by Marianne Williamson in her book "A Return to Love". One of Ledwith's comments that I found particularly insightful is "As human knowledge grows, the territory of God shrinks. God becomes a refugee." The "God of the gaps", as he called it, are areas that we try to fill with human knowledge in the attempt to explain what we don't yet understand. An example would be ancient paganism attributing lightning to the actions of Zeus. Despite this interesting observation, it's not enough to enliven the rest of the DVD. What separates the tight, insightful segements in "What the BLEEP Do We Know!?" from this DVD is that the conversations captured in BLEEP were the result of directors Chasse, Arntz and Vincente ASKING probing questions of the experts...questions borne out of the directors' own curiosity and personal paths. On The Great Questions in the Hamburger Universe, Vol. 1 of Deep Deceptions, however, Ledwith is left to ramble at the camera rather aimlessly, which doesn't make for good viewing and does not offer lucid alternatives to the flat earth mentality of the hamburger universe. Perhaps this is more the fault of "director" JZ Knight. In the end, I couldn't help but feel like this DVD was thrown together in order to capitalize on BLEEP's popularity. Let's hope the subsequent installments of this series are tighter, deeper, and smarter 
Wow, I watched this on the national geographic channel and I was so astonished at some of the details, that I had to buy it. It should be a must buy for any library across this country. I encouage every American to watch this 
The basic premise of this movie could be quite interesting - how does a man trained as a 'killing-machine' integrate back into society. Yes, it's been done before but still holds promise. The plot was adequate. The acting was believable - no complaints there. I particularly enjoyed Sean Pertwee as 'Mace'. And Jason Isaacs has long been a favorite actor. But what ruined the movie for me was the science. I'm not a fanatic - I have no problems with FTL travel or spaceships 'banking' on turns or loud explosions in space in movies. And I realize that movies are not 'real'. But I've never seen more 'bad' science in any one movie. My son and I watched this together and it turned into a contest seeing who could catch more bloopers. I could go on and on detailing the scientific and logic errors in this movie - but it would take me all night. It spoiled the whole movie for me 
I was totally taken with this new rendition of the Broadway musical. The only downside is that I'm not much of an Alec Baldwin fan, but..... he did OK! I encourage anyone who enjoys a heartwarming musical to see this one 
This is such a fun movie to watch. It is so goofy and ridicualous and you never get tired of watching it. Encino Man and Pauly Shore is one of the reasons why the early 90s ruled. There are so many cool scenes in this like when Stoney takes Link to 7-11 and they cruise the aisles looking for some grindeage to munch on. And when they go to the Mountian and ride the Viper in reverse. And the drivers ed scene when Link thinks it is Rad Mobile and he puts it up on two wheels and they end up at the bar with all the Mexicans. "You see that girl muchacho. Dont look at her!" The prom scene was cool to, it had Infectious Grooves in it. They are a real band but that song was made for the movie. The singer and bass player are in Suicidal Tendencies and the bass player plays for Metallica now. But anyways... Yeah , this movie is totally radical. Daves room is really cool to. I wish my room was that rad. The school looks cool too. I wish my high school was like that. I notice that whenever i watch something like this that was filmed in the early 90s everything seemed real bright and cheerful. Am i crazy or has anyone else noticed this? Pauly Shores punch lines and phrases never get old. They age like a fine wine... Bud-dy. 
... Tyrese Gibson, for WORST ACTOR EVER. Up to this point, I've been a huge Paul Walker fan for his comedically bad acting. He's made a career of it. In this one, his impressive acting techniques involve the use of the word "bro" at least 75 times (to give his character street cred), and thoughtfully rubbing his chin during meetings with the other cops - it's clear Walker is deeply considering his plight. But really Walker can't hold a candle to the absolutely atrocious acting of Tyrese Gibson. My god where did they find this guy? The movie would've been OK as a standard, mindless action film, but it really was ruined by the 6th grade drama club acting. Now you might be wonderning: who's the genius who decided to put these two together in a movie? But wait, there's actually method to this madness. Since their was no Vin Diesel, the director knew he had only Paul Walker left. And it's well known that Walker cannot carry a film (see "Timeline"). So what to do? Of course! Find an actor EVEN WORSE than Walker and cast them together! All of the sudden Walker doesn't look so terrible, because everyone's focusing on this other chump. And apparently it worked, because a lot of people enjoyed this film, and there's even a sequel. 
If playwright Tennessee Williams's Southern gothic writing style makes his works feel more ornately melodramatic than those of O'Neill or his closest contemporary Arthur Miller, they do provide resonant showcases for the actors inhabiting his characters. This is clearly evidenced in this six-film, eight-disc collection that epitomizes some of the most powerful acting to come out of Hollywood in the 1950's and early 1960's, all directed by true filmmaking masters. Probably because they are the least censored by the studio system at least in the form presented now, the best of the set are Elia Kazan's "A Streetcar Named Desire" and John Huston's "The Night of the Iguana". The others are Kazan's "Baby Doll", Richard Brooks' "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", Jose Quintero's "The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone" and Brooks' "Sweet Bird of Youth". A feral, smoldering Marlon Brando justifiably made his reputation as brutish Stanley Kowalski in 1951's "A Streetcar Named Desire", and his animalistic charisma still leaps off the screen. Intriguingly, one of the extras included in the two-disc set for the movie is footage from a 1947 screen test of Brando when he was 23, and his stardom seems assured even then. The plot of the movie amounts to the inevitable clash between Kowalski and his visiting sister-in-law, Blanche DuBois, a fading Southern belle on the verge of a mental breakdown. Having proven her ability to be a convincing Southerner in "Gone With the Wind", Vivien Leigh expertly handles all the florid dialogue with her particular blend of defiance and vulnerability. Strong supporting work comes from Kim Hunter as Blanche's naive sister Stella and Karl Malden as Blanche's seemingly respectful suitor Mitch. Now over ninety, Malden is on hand to provide his own eloquent recollections of the production on an alternate track, and film historians Rudy Behlmer and Jeff Young provide more objective commentary on another track. Film critic Richard Schickel's 1995 feature-length look at Kazan is the centerpiece of the second disk, and there is also a more interesting five-part documentary on the film and original Broadway show, the best portion focusing on censorship and the several minutes that have been reinserted in the DVD version of the film. 1964's "The Night of the Iguana" deals with a similarly dysfunctional group of people, but this time the setting is a dilapidated Mexican beach resort where Reverend Shannon, newly defrocked, has taken a group of spinsters from a women's college. Huston made his reputation on his strong literary adaptations, and his affinity shows in the fulsome characterizations, striking visuals and dark humor. Richard Burton is in peak form as Shannon, and there is also sterling work from Deborah Kerr as the spinsterish Hannah and especially Ava Gardner as the slatternly resort owner, Maxine Faulk. The DVD contains a recent making-of featurette and a vintage video, both fascinating. "Baby Doll" is an entertaining hoot that doesn't seem as sensationalistic as I'm sure it was when the film was first released in 1956. It's simply a Southern-fried farce about the potential deflowering of a nineteen-year old child bride with a nice, pouty turn by Carroll Baker in the title role and a surprisingly funny one by Karl Malden as her randy husband, cotton mill owner Archie. 1958's "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" is far more vaunted but ultimately hamstrung by the overly careful portrayal of Brick as an asexual protagonist, this in spite of stellar performances from Elizabeth Taylor, Paul Newman and Burl Ives. Newman is even better as gigolo Chance Wayne in 1963's "Sweet Bird of Youth", and he is matched all the way by Geraldine Page's all-cylinders-on performance as faded movie queen Alexandra Del Lago (a role that would have ironically been ideal for Ava Gardner). The weakest film of the set is 1961's "The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone" about an aging American actress living in Rome who falls recklessly in love with an indifferent gigolo. A decade after "Streetcar", the glamorous-looking Leigh excels in the title role, while a young Warren Beatty fits the physical requirements as the gigolo Paolo even though his faux-Italian accent is a little too emphatic. All four of these movies come with making-of featurettes and original trailers, and "Cat" also includes commentary from Williams' biographer Donald Spoto. The focal point of the eighth disc is a 1973 documentary, "Tennessee Williams' South", which highlights insightful interviews with Williams in the New Orleans area. The film also includes classic scenes from his plays reenacted specifically for the documentary. You can have the privilege of seeing Broadway's original Blanche DuBois, Jessica Tandy, and compare her work to Leigh's, as well as an impressive turn by Maureen Stapleton as Amanda Wingfield in "The Glass Menagerie". This is an incredible film collection for anyone who wants to see some of the greatest performances of mid-20th century American cinema 
Considering the sensational cast (Eli Wallach, Terrence Hill, Bud Spencer, Kevin McCarthy and Brock Peters), the Euro-western era it was made in and the locations where it was shot, Ace High is a major disappointment. The plot is uninvolving and incoherent, the cinematography is cramped and completely lacking in style, the music is weak during a time that spawned so many memorable soundtracks and the direction lacks any focus whatsoever. The editing looks like it was performed with a butcher's knife. After the first ten minutes, I knew I'd made a mistake buying it. A boring 120 minute piece of junk, Ace High is hopelessly outgunned by any number of great Italian westerns including Corbucci's The Mercenary or Parolini's Sabata series. Save your fistful of dollars for a better film 
This program is evil. It is easy to get sucked into watching Gantz, because of the unique and inexplicable situation that the main characters, who have all died, find themselves in. They have gone to purgatory, and purgatory is like an all-too-real video game. One feels compelled to continue on with the series to begin to answer some of these mysteries. The art direction is decent. Visually, it doesn't look cheap. The English voice acting is embarassingly bad, especially the main character, but not as bad as the dialogue, internal and vocalized, that this character has been given to speak. The worst thing about this series, apart from the juvenile humor about breasts and boners, is the "action" scenes. These inevitably play out with the people in danger standing around arguing and philosophizing about what to do, when the obvious course of action is to take the guns that are in their hands, and shoot at their alien adversaries like there is no tomorrow. After you witness a few of these frustrating situations on the video, if you don't feel like banging your head against the wall, you are made of stronger stuff than I. This first set of episodes leaves the viewer with more questions than answers, and more frustration than satisfaction. Save yourself the pain. 
Based on the early-movie cliffhangers he used to watch in theaters, George Lucas created something special: a re-invention of the entire adventure genre. These films waited a long time to make their bow on DVD, much too long for myself, personally. I always loved these films, they had everything to keep your attention riveted all the time. Each of the three films is very different from the others. "Raiders of the Lost Ark", the first and best of the three, introduces us to Indiana Jones, perhaps Lucas's greatest creation. Premiering in 1981, this film was a smash, also receiving an oscar nomination for best picture. Also starring was Karen Allen, perhaps the most even-matched female co-star for Harrisan Ford. It seemed she could give as good she got, and never backed down in any scene. Second was "The Temple of Doom", easily the darkest of the three, and the most intensely exciting. This film is a non-stop thrill ride from start to finish, and doesn't really bother to delve too deeply into personal relationships or charactor. The third film, "The Last Crusade", is possibly the most balanced in terms of plot and charactor, and has the wonderful Sean Connery to steal every scene he's in. The interaction between Indy and Mr. Jones is wonderful. If anyone was to ever play Indiana Jones' father, it was Sean Connery. The forth disc in the set is nothing but bonus features, which are almost as entertaining as the films themselves. These films waited far too long to be released to DVD, and I lay the blame squarely on George Lucas. I've heard he really didn't think DVD would take off like it did, that it was just a phase. It's great he finally realized his mistake and released these fine movies for everyone to enjoy. As with his "Star Wars" trilogy, the Indiana Jones films are cinematic history and should be required for all DVD collections 
samurai champloo has been a great series, and this third dvd has kept that tradition. though the last episode was weak, as most recap episodes are, the other three episodes made up for it, and then some. around the time this came out, fans of the series were starting to buy the dvd's more due to the shortage of episodes on adult swim, as the last episode on this dvd is as far as adult swim would broadcast(they did start to broadcast more shortly after dvd six). below are my ratings for this dvd and it's episodes. episode nine: beatbox bandits- this episode, though not very good, still has some funny scenes and some action. mugen jin and fuu are caught trying to pass through a checkpoint with counterfiet passes. the checkpoint officials find out that they did not make the forgeries, and cut a deal. mugen is sent to do one of their croked errands. will mugen stay true to his companions? watch and find out. i rate this episode a 5/10, simply because it lacked action and plot, plus the man telling the story is looking back thirty years to when the episode occured. i don't know, maybe it's the thought of jin mugen and fuu being old, but i don't dig the old man looking that far back. episode ten: lethal lunacy- one of my favorite, if not my all time favorite, SC episodes! this episode kicks anus in every way possible! i dont want to reveal to much of the story line, but i reccomend watching this episode! even if this dvd just had this episode and was still full price, i would still buy it! i rate this episode a -/-, or infinite. if you really want stars, it is 10/10, though i find that underappreciating the episode to give it a finite rating episode eleven: gamblers and gallentry- jin falls in love with a depressed woman who has been forced to work in a whore-house to pay off her husbands debt. still a good episode, but not the best. lots of great humor. i rate this episode 7/10. episode twelve: the disorder diaries- recap episode. jin and mugen read fuu's diary while she takes a bath. this episode has a lot of funny dialogue, but that's the only thing it has working for it. i rate this episode 3/10 well, that's it for this review. check out my next review on volume four of samurai champloo. i hope this review helped. peace 
This is NOT a collection of the superbowls, played from start to finish, as some of the reviewers would lead you to believe. I got this for my father so he could watch the 49ers tromp all over the Broncos over and over again (since they certainly haven't been up to much lately!). Unfortunately, all we got was a collection of highlights, with so many "up close and personal" shots, that it was almost nauseating to watch on a bigger screen TV. An expensive disappointment, surely 
im a huge fan of writer Sean Mcginly, his classics include Venomous starring Treat williams and Sonic Impact with Ice-T. Mcginly's films are the topic of discussion at film schools all across the world, he is a renowned talent and i have to say that i was appalled when i saw his latest film Two Days. i think he should stick to writing as the film was virtually without direction and the cast (which included hacks like Paul Rudd) was not in the same league as superstars Traci Bingham and Ice-T who have graced some of his previous work. Please Sean, stick to doing what you know best and stay away from the intellectual stuff, leave that to idiots like Capra, Wenders, Scorcese etc. They are not in your league. 
I give this film one star for the acting, which is often very good. However, the plot and message of this film revel in hopelessness, and debase every aspect of lower income, urban people. In all honesty, I've seen more joy in an African famine. I sat through this film, against my better judgement. Still, if you're truly interested in investigating the dark underbelly of urban American misery and frailty, then I recommend "A Streetcar Named Desire", "KIDS", "Last Exit to Brooklyn", and "Traffic". 
I'm a fan of the 1999 "The Mummy" and was understandably looking forward to this sequel. In the summer of 2001 I went to catch it at the theater with two friends and after about ten minutes we were all bored senseless by the incredible bombardment of action and F/X. We just layed back in our seats for the next two hours in utter tedium. It's a curious thing that too much action (and F/X) in a film can be boring. It may not seem logical but it's true, and "The Mummy Returns" is Exibit A. I recently considered the possibility that my first impression may have been in error so I decided to re-watch it after over five years. Yet, after a mere 10-15 minutes I was again completely detached from the picture, even though there were all kinds of exciting things going on, or, at least, things that SHOULD HAVE been exciting. "The Mummy Returns" has a lot going for it: A great cast, locations, costumes, cinematography, F/X, etc. In addition it has a great Indiana Jones appeal. Unfortunately it all adds up to a cinematic piece of excrement. What went wrong? Simply put, no substance. "The Mummy Returns" abandons the characters, and the plot is utilized simply as a flimsy clothesline for action and F/X sequences. FINAL ANALYSIS: "The Mummy Returns" has so many ingredients right, but it somehow utterly fails. It's unadulterated cinematic JUNK. It should be utilized in filmmaking classes as the quintessential example of style over substance -- having all the right elements, including budget, and stupefyingly fumbling the ball. Needless to say this could have been a great film franchise, but it was not to be. "Returns" put an end to that. 
I was thrilled when I first read that MLB Productions was finally issuing a DVD version of highlights of the Baltimore Orioles' three World Series victories. I already owned the VHS versions, one of which (the 1970 World Series) had a major flaw in the audio synchronization (watching the last third of the highlights was like viewing a badly dubbed foreign film). Finally, I could own all three highlights reels on one disc and without the sync error on the 1970 World Series. Much to my dismay, the MLB logo is permanently, and obtrusively, displayed on the upper right corner of all three programs. What's that all about? Does MLB Productions think I'm going to illegally copy and distribute stills? Thank goodness I don't own a plasma TV or I'd be staring at that stupid logo for the next five years! Sound and picture quality are okay otherwise. But....that logo is really annoying 
Microphone {tap, tap, tap}: Ladies and gentlemen! For your wrestling entertainment, I introduce to you the Lord's Luchador, the Mauling Monk, the Orphanator! Put your hands together for Naaaacho Liiiibbbbre! Jack Black (KING KONG) returns as another obsessive character in Jared Hess' latest cinematic offering, NACHO LIBRE. Most will remember Hess for his stunning direction of NAPOLEON DYNAMITE. Here he gets a bit more money for production and gives us a hilarious tale of a Mexican monk who's early dreams of becoming a luchador (wrestler) come to fruition later in life. Jack Black plays Nacho, a cook at an orphanage/monastery where his talents as a chef come into question daily. But the one thing Nacho yearns for is to become a professional wrestler. His contact sports passions are reignited by the arrival of a beautiful nun named Sister Encarnacion (Ana de la Reguera (LADIES NIGHT), and by a wily thief named Esqueleto (SUPERVIVENCIA), a streetwise thug with bizarre moves. Esqueleto and Nacho team up and eventual take to the ring, only to be beaten time and again, but still making money. But making money isn't enough for Nacho ("I want to win!"). Vanity gets the better of Nacho and he tries everything to achieve his goal of becoming a winner, including finding a shaman who gives him sketchy advice regarding eagle eggs. Finally Nacho learns that winning comes from within and uses his "inner" strength to make his way to the top. Silliness occasionally racks Nacho Libre, but it is saved by Jack Black's incredible physical comedy. Not since SCHOOL OF ROCK has he been so well cast. The training scenes alone are worth the price of the rental (Cow dung to the face? A wasps nest to the head? Shooting Esqueleto with a blunted arrow?) When Nacho tries to court Sister Encarnacion, the comedy is further ratcheted up as Jack Black uses his butt-muscle tone in a nut cracking fashion! Napoleon Dynamite fans will flock to Hess' latest film, and will probably be amazed at what he accomplished with a little more cash and a few Hollywood well-known actors 
Movie has a lot of cursing, and nudity as well. I was very disappointed because I thought the reviews made it sound like I could show it to high school students 
Any collection that has The Lost Patrol has got to be worth the 40 bucks. That movie and Boris Karloff alone is something to behold. But this collection also contains Sgt Rutlidge which a movie way before its time. Mary Queen of Scots, I wasn't even aware was a John Ford Movie. The Informer another great and Cheyene Autumn. I think this set has a little bit of something for everyone. I just wish that we knew if this was the 66 minute watered down version of Lost Patrol or the original uncut version. 
Hey Richie, get a life... Everyone else, check out DH, it's a great show 
I thought the movie was alright, but I am sorry that I bought it. I would rather have just rented it. It seems like half of the movie is out of focus, I am sure it is on purpose but I just don't get it. There are a few erotic scenes but they are not worth the price 
This experience was TOTALLY UNSATISFACTORY!!! I received a notice that the product had been shipped; it included a very long number to trace the shipment. It was promised for February 6th, but did not arrive. On February 16th you wrote me that the shipment was never made. Now which is it? Did you have it, and misplace it in the process, or did you lie when you said it was already send out? I have had otherwise good results in my purchases from amazon, but this is a real mess-up. I wrote to ask how to reorder, and this is the only response since then. Is there anything you can do to change this problem.? Do you reprint reviews of your service 
I've actually been hoping for a live CD release, but I was more than happy with this DVD. All the favorites are here (only a minor gripe with the omission of Echo and 11am, and the inclusion of Priceless, but that's just personal preference). This is all the evidence needed to show that this band has reached maturity. Drive is an unexpected change, but being the most played-out song in their lineup, the obscurity is welcome. The musical talent all around seems much improved from the previous DVDs, and each member gets to show off all their new tricks. Unlike some other bands, Incubus seems to perfectly display each musician's talents so well with each song, and this -for me- showed how it can all be put together so seamlessly. Every song is a highlight on this one - my favorites are Made for TV Movie and Sick Sad Little World. Other notes: It's the perfect place to film for a DVD; We get to see Brandon play guitar and how well Ben works as a backup singer; and I think Jose could make any rock band sound good. Recommended for any fan of Incubus, especially of their newer material 
This is an outstanding DVD. I highly recommend it. If you have seen Riverdance live you can relive the great moments. If you haven't seen Riverdance live you are in for a real treat with this DVD from the comfort of your own home 
Soldier of Orange with commentary by Director Paul Verhoeven is a must-see for all history buffs, WWII historians and lovers of war movies. Based on the life of Erik Haselhoff Roelfzema, it chronicles his life in the resistance and that of a small group of law students in Leiden, The Netherlands. Verhoeven's commentary is worth the price of the DVD as he explains scene by scene what he tried to portray, while asking some very thought provoking questions. Verhoeven and I are the same age, and both of us lived in Holland during the occupation. His view of the conditions in Holland and the responses of the Dutch under occupation are very different. I also think his references to Das England Spiel are inaccurate. Having said all that, I still consider the DVD one of my most favorite productions, including the film itself. Soldaat van Oranje is my choice for best ever Dutch film. Those interested in learning more about the real Eric Hazelhoff Roelfzema should read "Soldaat van Oranje Omnibus" which includes "De Verre Tamboer (The Distant Drummer)" and "Op Jacht naar het Leven (In pursuit of Life)" all by Eric Hazelhoff Roelfzema 
Now, THIS is a rock n' roll show from Rock's "good guys". Pearl Jam is probably the most important band ever in American music. They are to the US what Led Zeppelin was to Britain. This concert is a fantastic representation of their mature post-millenium shows. No, you won't see a lot of crowd-surfing or moshing any more from these 30 and 40 somethings, just a LOT of great music, and wonderful lyrics. Mike McCready is quite possibly one of the world's most underrated, soulful guitarists, and his playing just sounds even better when you can see what those fingers are doing. At first, I was not a fan of adding Boom Gaspar to the shows, but I have come to quite enjoy his contributions and pretty much consider him a bona fide member of the band, as I do Matt Cameron, who filled in a "revolving throne" back when Jack Irons left due to back problems after "Yield". There are some true gems on this recording, and the concert goes on and on with LOTS of music and a nice long encore. The crowd is in the thing from the beginning, and the band is "on" and every member is in their 'zone', and seems to be having a fantastic time...only Cameron, true to form, seems a bit "stoic". Highlights of this DVD are "Lukin", "Black", "Thumbing my Way", "Last Exit", and "Save You"; however, the band just goes to a heavenly plane with "Low light", "Faithful", and "In My Tree". There ain't much from versus and 10 on this one, with the band more oriented towards their more "organic", "laid-back", and "vibey" post-Vitalogy feel, which has turned off some of the "hard rocking" PJ fans; however, if you listen back, PJ has always had the pensive, laid back rockers, even in the explosive days of the early 90's with songs like "Black", "Daughter", "Alive", "Oceans" and the like. Just because the band has chosen to explore other instruments and rhythms and to mature as a complete organism has caused some to reject them because they don't rock "hard enough"... And that is ridiculous, as one will see on these DVD's. This is the best representation of PJ's wonderful live shows on "official" record. Ben Harper makes a wonderful appearance or two, as does Tony Barber, the Bass player for the Buzzcocks, who is forever immortalized on DVD for not knowing the bassline for "Sonic Reducer"... Overall, the performance is just about as tight as a live performance gets, and the camera angles and picture quality is pretty good most of the time. The extras are good, but Ed's solo guitar version of "Dead Man" stands out as a heartfelt, amazing performance. "Down", an underrated song from the B-side record, "LOst Dogs", is merely a backdrop for some behind-the-scenes footage, which is fine, but I'd much rather HEAR what the boys are saying, and see a LIVE performance of the song... If you're a fan of Rock and Roll or Pearl Jam, you already own this DVD. If you're just now waking up from your coma, then get this NOW! Study it, learn the methods of PJ, and you, too, can become the best band in America! Ex-Frat Boys who only know "Even Flow" and "Alive" need not apply.. 
Visually aurally this is a feast! Great musicianship, excellent lighting, colour, camera angles etc etc. If you know like Pat know the piece you won't be really disappointed BUT the reason it's 4* not 5* for me is a combination of 2 things relatively insignificant in themselves but together worth knocking off a star. First, there's no intro (the first note is struck with the title screen still showing) no pictures of the band standing taking the crowd's ovation (the credits start rolling straight after the last note); I always find it nice to get a sense of the atmosphere, location occasion before AND after the music starts playing. Second, those familiar with the piece will be aware of the extraordinary guitar/trumpet interplay closing out Part Two; well, I'm not sure if this is in the playing or sound on the night or the dvd mixing but as the sound builds the trumpet dynamic gets a bit lost all you really hear as an individual voice is the guitar synth - great of course but could've been even better! This said, 4* for a Pat product still means a "must buy"! 
This was so messy and Mr. Dorrington so over the top in hi self promotion. YUK.!..my partner and I were disgusted. He and his deceased friend/photographer are the rotten people who enter jungle animal habitats and cause the animals so much stress as to charge at them and these creeps can take photographs and brag-Degenerates for sure.Too damn bad for your buddy. It was obvious this was not quite of the caliber daring/bold/ and challenging as some of Herzogs past films. We have been fans for 20+ years. Looks like he did it for the money and Dorrington rode Herzogs coatails in a way. Geez..I had just watched March of the Penguins and Wings of Migration and those! are truly documentaries made by film experts. The babbling and rambling on in The White Diamond made me pity Herzog. He did it for the $ maybe.Dorrington yammers on and on in such a disgusting way I suggest you turn the sound off and fast forward to the end shots of the waterfall and the swifts. Hey Dorrington-Who cares about you? Herzog..Get out of California before you rot 
After the original, Herbert West ( Jeffery Combs) and Dan Cain (Bruce Abbot)have returned from medical miltary duty in South America as they return back home as they have perfected their re-agent formula to continue experimentint. But Herbert however gets an idea to collect body parts especially the heart of Cain's old girlfriend "Meg" to create the perfect re-animated woman, however Dr. Carl Hill (David Gale) has been re-animated back to life by accident as he still has powers to control zombies and want revenge for what West did to him. Not as great as the 1985 cult horror comedy masterpiece "Re-Animator" but really enjoyable! the acting is kind of average but there's nice splatter in this movie including a variety of odd re-animated critters like a finger creature with a human eye attached done by Screaming Mad George, David Allen (Puppet Master, Q The Winged Serpant and Young Sherlock Holmes). Like the original movie this has dark humor to propell along with gruesomeness, all in all is that it's not a bad follow-up but still worth watching. This DVD is pratically bareboned with a alright transfer with no trailer! but that's ok, if you enjoyed the original then you'll probably like this one as well 
The lead actor bore an uncanny resemblance to the real Edward R. Murrow, and there was a lot of realistic smoking for a movie set in the `50s, but otherwise I'd didn't understand all the adulation for what was to me a short, boring movie that seemed much longer. Maybe I've just seen too many biopics lately 
Eddie dies and goes to heaven where he learns his life has been meaningful to at least 5 people. I enjoyed watching this movie, and I feel it allows us to appreciate the little things done for others...not making us feel guilty because we did not change the world with a bang. 
lately im getting bored with most of the movies that come out, ot it's me that im losing the charm for watching movies... and it more into the first one... i bought this one, 'cause i thought it was gonna be great. good critics, good reviews. i finally watched it. and i thought it was some slasher film. some kinda that... and i was totally wrong... some witch movie that i hated... i could rate it less, but well i'll give it a second chance tonight 
She's built like a 12-year-old boy... give me Vida Guerra anyday 
Who in the hell gave this movie the green-light? God-awful performances and such immature jokes that only a child can laugh at... this may perhaps be THE worst movie ever created. And I'm the kind of person that appreciates anything... but this... this is just pure, 100% crap. This will most likely be the only time I will ever say "I want my two hours back" and MEAN it. And I only watched this movie for Marnette Patterson, but even she couldn't save this movie 
this has got to be one of the WORST, most unrealistic movies to date. i never have high expectations for lesbian flicks--rarely are they done well. this one, however, takes it to a whole new level. what was courtney love thinking?! you'll regret wasting your money on this. i can't even fathom why it's gotten decent reviews so far 
I really bought this DVD on a whim. There is no question why this production won an Emmy. "One Voice" the very last song in the concert is worth the price of DVD. Seriously stunning 
Don't bother trying to watch this terrible mini series. It is a six hour bore, an unbelievable love triangle between three people who have absolutely no chemistry for each other. There is no heat in this story, no real passion, no real romance. It is a dry, boring, drawn out, and uninspired as they come. The writing is atrocious, and while the actors should be given credit for not choking on the swill they have for dialogue, they are completely unbelievable. The story is utterly predictable, though it goes off on pointless tangents and ignores potentially interesting subplots, and the only thing surprising is that anybody ever thought it would be a good idea to make this drivel. It doesn't even meet the expected level of technical proficiency, with terrible editing, pathetic sound, and blatant continuity problems. Take those six hours of your life and use them for something more worthwhile. The BBC has made many better mini series, and pretty much any one of them would be preferable 
The seventh season was the season that got me hooked to south park. Specifically episode number 712-all about the mormons. That was the first episode that got me into the show, and I haven't stopped watching since. The season list includes the following: 704-Cancelled 702-Krazy kripples 703-Toilet paper 701-I`m a little bit country 705-Fat butt and pancake head 706-Lil`crime stopper 707-Red man`s greed 708-South park is guay! 709-Christian rock hard 710-Gray dawn 711-Casa bonita 712-All about the mormons? 713-Butt out 714-Raisins 715-Its christmas in canada also favorites from this season include 701-I'm a little bit country, which has the kids working on a report to present at the Anti-War/Pro-war rallies. I just love cartman's flashback in time to 1776. Also, episode 709-Christian hard rock, Cartman and his band Faith +1 make it big in christian music to try and score a platinum album before Kyle does, all over a $20 bet. Finally, Episode 708-South Park is Guay...What can I say..Crab People...who the heck thinks of Crab People. In all, this is the season that continues to have me in stitches, and if you can only own one season of southpark, I believe this is the one. I myself have them all, but this is the season I believe stands above the rest. 
For all true Dream Theater fans, this is a must have DVD! The only drawback to "Score" that I found was that they didn't play "Never Enough", but that shouldn't prevent you from purchasing "Score". I have watched the DVD over 10 times already and it hasn't gotten old for me.. 
Once again the saga of Motoko Kusanagi refuses to fall into the popular mold - as manga, as a pair of feature films, and now a TV series, it combines the classic crowd pleasers of the science fiction of a not too distant time, a topnotch group of secret agents, and a beautiful woman with a story line that isn't fraid to stop and contemplate the complicated world where the line between mechanical and human, program and soul, get crossed every day. What you will see for most of these last few episodes is the dismantling of Section 9 when their efforts to get to the bottom of the Secretary General's plot result in danger to the nations politicians. This invites retaliation and everyone goes undercover and, eventually, fall into the governments hands. All the Laughing Man's efforts seem to come to naught and theire is every sign that this series is about to have a very nourish ending. Well, all I'll tell you is that the ending is worth all the trauma of getting there. These three episodes really focus on the characters of the Section 9 team in unexpected fashion. And even the Tachikoma's make a reappearance. This has been a contemplative series. First the ethical questions raised by the Laughing Man and human cyberization, then the even more difficult issues of what life is or can be. In these episodes Kusanagi reveals a personal philosophy which is both chilling and evocative of the samurai code. She is a modern Tomoe Gozen, unendingly loyal to Arimaki and fiercely defiant in battle. This has been a series with considerable depth that echoes but never slavishly imitates, the work that has gone before. A fine piece of work from both an artistic and an entertainment point of view 
The editor decided that I don't want to see how the plane crashes into WTC, or how people jump from windows, so, he cut pretty much all of that and who knows what else. Instead, there is a plenty of news people's talking into camera about where they were at the time and what they were thinking (and why do I care?), plus a bunch of stuff about anthrax to pad the little footage that was left. 
How do you spell 'sucks'? Easy - A-L-E-X-A-N-D-E-R! I loved Stone's JFK, but this... Words fail me, but I'll try to find a few. Okay, the pros? Angelina Jolie. I've never been a big fan of hers, but, boy, was she the hottest woman alive in this movie! More pros? Hmmm. Certainly not the action sequences which were muddled and hard to follow. Certainly not the weird Irish accents the lead characters adopted. Certainly not the story. This is just one of those films you believe can be so bad and that something cool is gonna happen the instant you hit the off button, so it stays your finger. My advice? HIT THAT BUTTON! And I won't even mention the blonde wig! 
Having enjoyed LOST IN TRANSLATION, I thought I might like this one, which seems to have some sort of cult reputation-- why I can't fathom. The entire plot is self-serving, shallow, and unrealistic. I guess it's supposed to depict the horror of repressive religious values, and while I don't condone those, the film lacks clear characters or any motivation. A lot of people have buttoned up parents who don't get it, and it doesn't mean they kill themselves-- because they were grounded!? Since the writer-director gerw up in Hollywood, she may not be aware that you can't keep your kid home from school without a very good reason-- social workers and what not come after you. So the entire premise is false. Romanticizing mass suicide by having a bunch of soft focus young blondes do it-- after which they supposedly ascend to erotic eternity in the imaginations of their boyish peers-- could actually encourage the act. It's not caring, not real, and not responsible. But I guess that wouldn't bother the rich, overfunded daughter of a Hollywood genius out to make a name for herself. 
Definitely a great movie, Rules of Engagement, brings to the screen two stories as they unfold simultaneously; that of a military investigation into whether an officer in the Marines was in violation of the code of conduct during an incident in Yemen, and the inner struggle of the investigator/defence lawyer as he tries to come to terms with his past and the ghosts that have been haunting him ever since Vietnam.... The film combines drama, action and adventure making it one of the best of its kind. Needless to say, Tommy Lee Jones, Samuel Jackson, and the rest of the cast have truly outdone themselves with their performances, which are outstanding to say the least! All the actors, without exceptions, give it their 100% and it really shows (the chemistry is AMAZING)! The plot, the setting, the dialogues, the special effects, and the music are all wonderful! In short, it is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection (if you haven't already done so)!! Strongly recommended along with Black Hawk Down, A Few Good Men, and Courage Under Fire. 
I found this DVD to be well produced and engaging to go along with the POWERFUL content. Fantastic. Loads of deleted scenes that are very worth watching 
9-11 was meticulously planned out by our government. If people do not believe me, go read and study that day like it was your babay and you'll find the truth. I was a bit skeptical at first as well. Now my eyes are open to the totalitarian states that we live in. This isn't the UNited States of America, this is the beginning of a NEw World Order. Don't believe me, we'll probably never know, because we'll be spoonfed our news on the war in Iraq by the Corporate Media that controls and censors what we see and DON'T SEE! Don't think so? You, along with millions of other ignorant idiots who choose to follow the war in Iraq by watching CNN (Censored News Network), or Fauxnews. It pains me that people still don't realize that there is no fight for democracy in Iraq. Its a fight for Imperial Ambitions, we need Iraq for Oil, and to set up a puppet government so it doesn't scare Israel, our ultra conservative evangelical christian politicians can sleep better knowing their holy land is out of the hands of "radical muslim fundamentalists." No one will know until people actually open up a damn book and read for yourself, instead of relying on "experts" who "know" what is going on. I thought we were intelligent people, us Americans? Most of you can't even figure out wat the problem really is. Its our corrupt government 
I like Air Supply songs. This DVD is a big disappointment. Sound quality could have been better 
Good movie with a unique storyline. Special effects were very good for the time of filming 
ALl 4 movies in this set are dubbed in English. I was horribly disappointed. Dont make the same mistake I did. Find the dubbed ones 
An exercise in self-aggrandizement, but done so well it's forgivable. Set in London circa 1910, Chaplin plays an aging music hall comedian who once made audiences laugh but is now over the hill. One day as he stumbles home drunk, he smells gas, and rescues a young girl (Claire Bloom) from a suicide attempt. He nurses her back to health and sees to it that she resumes her dancing career. Between being philosophical about life and keeping his own career afloat, Chaplin performs a couple of old routines from the past, including a great sketch with Buster Keaton in which he plays the fiddle and Keaton the piano (it was both their swan songs). The movie is autobiographical and reeks of self-importance, with a number of references to Chaplin's carrer in pictures alluded to. But there's intelligence, too, and not a little sentimentality (what Chaplin picture doesn't contain this?), but Chaplin is such a demanding master that there isn't a moment of sloughing off or cheapness. Chaplin did everything, from writing the script to composing the music, and all of it is touched with genius. Made in 1952, the movie, amazingly, was not seen in Hollywood until 1972. 
You want realism of the Old West? Try showing people frequently blowing big wads of snot out their nose and hawking green loogies onto the floor or into their sleeves because they didn't have tissues. Try having the actors and actresses go for a couple of months without washing their hair, and not brushing their teeth with toothpaste, so their hair is oily and their mouths are scuzzy and black. THAT would be realistic, but it's a LOT more repellant to television audiences than gratuitous profanity. So this "realistic" show has characters with clean, fluffy hair and pretty teeth spew garbage langauge constantly -- and sucker viewers and reviewers buy this as "realistic"!!! Every great writer of every age and era, be it Mark Twain, Owen Wister, William Shakespeare, or John Steinbeck, or any other storyteller whose works have survived for generations, told "realistic" stories of their era but who understood what realistic trivia to keep in, and what to leave out, in order to TELL THE STORY. That is WHY their work has remained timeless. Deadwood's writing shows a huge insecurity complex in choosing to rely on a gimmick (and a juvenile one at that) like over-the-top profanity. Whether or not the Calamity Janes of the time actually used the words "ignorant f****ng c***s" is something we will never know and is also absolutely irrelevant. There are an awful lot of sheeple in TV land 
Before I saw this sequel, I had heard and read that it was a terrible film. However, Be Cool is still an enjoyable comedy even if it's not as good as the original. It's full of so much self-deprecating humor that you can't help but cut it a break. I laughed quite a few times, and there are a lot of fun moments. However, the film is a bit uneven. The movie tries hard to find the humor in hit men and quirky characters, but it often seems to be trying a bit too hard. John Travolta reprises his role as Chili Palmer, Hollywood gangster, who now turns his eye to the music business. Using his "negotiation skills," he tries to run an independent record label with the wife of a murdered friend, played by Uma Thurman, and try to get his young singer (Christina Milian) a hit record. An impressive cast is what saves the movie from sinking. The best performance is given by The Rock and it's nice to see him in a different type of role. Vince Vaughn also gives a funny performance though he started to get annoying before the end. Surprisingly, Uma Thurman gives an average performance and I was expecting more from her. John Travolta done an average job in his role but his performance was kind of dull. Christina Milian gives a horrible performance and she's also not that good of a singer. Cedric the Entertainer gives a good performance though he isn't in the film for very long. Andre 3000 had some funny moments and done a decent job as well. There are also a bunch of cameos including Steven Tyler and James Wood. F. Gary Gray directs and he does a poor job. He just doesn't handle the film very well and the movie is kind of a mess. There was also a ton of product placement and it got annoying after awhile. Also at 118 minutes, the film is too long and there are a lot of slow spots. The film needed to be edited badly and it clearly wasn't. Fortunately for the film, the actors are able to rise above the weak direction and script and they deliver some funny scenes. Sometimes, the film tried too hard while other times it was actually pretty funny. Compared to the original, the sequel doesn't measure up well. However, Be Cool is a fairly harmless and forgettable comedy. In the end, Be Cool is worth a rental and that's it. 
AN ANIMATED FAMILY OF X-MEN -- COMPLETE WITH SPANDEX IT ALL TURNS OUT PRETTY - - WELL - - INCREDIBLE: Pixar and Disney have made six exceptional films together, but I find myself reaching for this one almost every time. Needless to say, superhero films are no longer novelties, yet this film seems to have new angles on seemingly cliched themes. The lawsuits that put the "Supers" out of business is certainly a real gem and it gives Brad Bird who wrote and directed "The Incredibles" some unexplored avenues to try, which he does and it turned out, well - - PRETTY INCREDIBLE! WHAT IT'S ALL ABOUT: First we have the husband and wife superhero team that never has a chance to team up as "Supers" and instead turns into Mr. Mrs. Average American after the lawsuits that ended the "Supers" crime fighting dynasty. Along the way they had three very different yet "Super" offspring! Wow, that's enough right there to keep us busy. We also have sub-plots which include each one of the 3 children's coming of age in a "Super" way, but as ordinary kids. The kids, like their parents, struggle all the way through the film to get to where they go and they grow in the process individually and as a family. We have Bob Parr [Mr. Incredible] going through what appears to be a mid-life crisis, and his confused wife, Helen, who just wants them all to fit in like everybody else. But, after all, how can "Elastigirl" be just another soccer mom? We have the return of a hostile and dysfunctional former fan [Buddy] who turns "The Incredibles" lives upside-down and inside-out. For the first time, the "Supers" are the underdogs! EVERYTHING THAT FOLLOWS - SATISFYING FAMILY ISSUES MUCH MORE: After these elements are set into motion, we have EVERYTHING THAT FOLLOWS, and it is fascinating to see all the Incredibles' family issues worked out like any other family's, but with many interesting twists. "The Incredibles" is a SUPER film! DVD FEATURES: Anamorphic Widescreen 2.39:1 [very widescreen] Digital to Digital Transfer is the sharpest I have seen yet! Lots of features and deleted scenes as well as some early concepts for different ways of introducing the characters make me grateful they made it the way they did. The "Jack-Jack Attack" is probably the high point of the features and illustrates what we did not see going on between "Jack-Jack" and the baby-sitter. I just wish it was longer. The behind the scenes "Featurettes" are worth watching as are the blooper scenes, though they seem a bit contrived. There are two commentary tracks, one with Brad Bird [writer/director] and John Walker [producer]. and another with the animators. I could not watch the entire movie with either track on. Maybe you can. The files about the "Supers" are interesting. There is lots more. If you like to go in for it, you can spend the day with the features alone. For me, however, there is the film. This is the best animated film, in my opinion, and is perfect for all members of the family (of all ages) to connect with in a fun-filled, family sort of way. 
"Four Brothers" is yet another nail in the coffin of John Singleton's increasingly moribund moviemaking career. The director - who burst upon the scene in 1991 with the vibrant and gritty "Boyz n the Hood" - has here mounted a film so burdened by implausibility and contrivance that it makes one wonder if the once-promising filmmaker will ever be able to get back on track again. The story, reeking of artificiality, features Mark Wahlberg, Tyrese Gibson, Andre Benjamin and Garrett Hedlund as four troubled young men raised by the same foster mother. When she is killed in a convenience store robbery, the quartet launches into action, seeking revenge against the perpetrators and becoming slowly convinced, through their investigation in the neighborhood, that the killing might not have been as random in nature as they had been initially led to believe. The main weakness of this film is that it gives us virtually no reason to care about any of the characters. By not showing us any scenes between the boys and their foster mother (except for one embarrassingly bad Thanksgiving dinner fantasy sequence that looks as if it were conceived by a first-year film student), we are forced to take their relationship totally on faith, rendering the boys' thirst for revenge arbitrary at worst and academic at best. The acting is uniformly flat, with the characters little more than wafer-thin stereotypes, and even the action scenes come across as surprisingly mundane and second-rate given the Singleton pedigree in this area. The boys' running around from venue to venue in their Detroit neighborhood, brandishing guns in full view of the populace and screaming for information about their mother's killer, is ludicrous on the face of it and often reduces the film to the level of cheap low comedy burlesque. With nary a single moment that rings believable or true, "Four Brothers" is by-the-book filmmaking from a director who has proven that he has the wherewithal and talent to do so much more. 
Added - 5 whole minutes - Documentary about how to make a great movie suck by making it a Broadway production. Deleted - Karaoke version of five songs from the soundtrack: Hold Me Now, Do You Really Want to Hurt Me, Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic, Rappers Delight, White Wedding Worth the extra $13 - I think not I suppose if you are one of the four people on the planet that doesn't own this classic there is a option of which edition to purchase, for the rest of us, it's just not worth it. 
Simply put: the movie is boring. Clich upon clich is confirmed and story lines never come together. It seems as if the director was unsure whether to make a movie or a documentary. The main plot is very thin (a CIA agent is ordered to kill an oil prince, gets caught and then warns the prince (why?)) and therefore some elements were added to make the movie more interesting. So, a kid dies, which results in the "natural" response of the father: freely advising the person indirectly responsible for his son's death. The lawyer has a drunk "friend" and keeps him around, why, no one knows. Some kids become suicide terrorists and blow up a ship. All in all, this is one of the worst movies I have seen in quite a while. I was neither entertained nor intellectually challenged. I neither laughed nor cried, I did not gain an understanding nor was I compelled to learn more or take up a cause. It meant nothing to me, which in my eyes is the worst one can say about a movie. Save your money, save your time, choose another movie. 
Read the Amazon editorial review, they are tiptoeing around saying this movie doesn't really work. Modern language, ideas, and sensibilities make the whole thing feel like a contrived stage play. And it seems to be mostly on stage sets ... there isn't much of Venice in here, so don't rent it for that reason. (Notice I said rent ...) The script is weak. The setup for the lead character's transition to life as a courtesan is abbreviated and unconvincing. There are too many horrible moments for this to be romantic. The story has so much more potential. The only reason to see this movie is to check out Catherine McCormack. Rufus Sewell is always good as well. Otherwise the casting is absurd. Fred Ward and Oliver Platt stand out as being miscast. Jacqueline Bisset fails to persuade here 
Absolutely brilliant! If you are a South Park fan, this has got to be added to your collection. Matt and Trey have lost none of their wit and I can't wait until the eigth season is released! I had to purchase it from the USA (I live in England) as it's not yet available over here and it actually cost less to buy and have it shipped over than it was to buy the previous six seasons in the shops 
I have read many reviews of this movie and got tired of the stupid reasons many people have to complain about this movie. Most comments are so ridiculous, that you can easily tell they might have a deeper reason why to destroy this movie even though they know is good. Well I hope this comments are read by the right people who are not brainless as many others. THE MOVIE WAS FULL PACKED WITH ACTION. THE 2 T-REX'S ATTACKING THE MAN IN THE CAR, IS JUST ONE OF THE MANY GREAT SCENES, THE STEGOSAURUS ATTACK, WAS SO GOOD, THE RAPTORS SCENES KEPT ME ATTACHED TO MY SEAT, SCENES ON THE CLIFF WERE SO GOOD, DINOSOURS LOOSED ALL OVER THE ISLAND WAS VERY INTENSE. T-REX ON THE SAN DIEGO, ONE OF THE FAVORITE SEQUENCES FOR MANY PEOPLE. MY FAVORITE SEQUENCES WERE ON THE ISLAND THOUGH. THE MOVIE IS INTENSE AND FULL OF ACTION. EXCELLENT SEQUEL IF NOT BETTER. MAYBE SOME PEOPLE HAVE NOT NOTICED BUT ON THIS PAGE YOU CAN FIND THAT THE MOVIE WAS A TOTAL SUCCESS ON THE WHOLE WORLD WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT, IT MADE $614 MILLIONS WORLD WIDE. ON THE OTHER SIDE, THE MOVIE WAS NOMINATE FOR: OSCAR: Best Effects, Visual Effects SATURN AWARD:Best Director, Steven Spielberg; Best Fantasy Film; Best Performance by a Younger Actor/Actress, Vanessa Lee Chester; Best Special Effects, Best Supporting Actor, Pete Postlethwaite Blockbuster Entertainment Award: Favorite Actor - Sci-Fi Jeff Goldblum; Favorite Actress - Sci-Fi, Julianne Moore Grammy Awards: Best Instrumental Composition Written for a Motion Picture or for Television BETWEEN MANY OTHERS, 3 WONS. AFTER THIS IS SAID, I'M VERY SURE SPIELBERG IS VERY SATISFIED WITH THE RESULTS OF THIS SEQUEL. AND YOU KNOW WHY? BECAUSE THE MOVIE WAS MADE TO ENTERTAIN AND SATISFY ALL DINOSAURS LOVERS OUT THERE, AND IT DID. THE IS JUST FORGETTING ONCE AGAIN, HOW TO WATCH A MOVIE, GET DISCONNECTED FROM FIRST PARTS, AND WATCH THE SEQUEL AS IF IT WAS A TOTAL NEW MOVIE, AND VALUE IT FOR WHAT IT IS, AND NOT FOR WAS IS SUPPOSED TO BE, BETTER THAN THE FIRST PART. SEQUELS ARE NOT MADE TO OVERPASS THE SUCCESS OF THE FIRST PART, THEY'RE MADE TO GIVE YOU MORE, OF WHAT THEY KNOW FOR SURE YOU ENJOY ON THE ORIGINAL MOVIE, BUT BECAUSE OF THE TIME ISSUE, WAS NOT INCLUDED ON THE FIRST ONE. GO GET THEM ALL 3 AND WATCH ALL AS IF IT WAS JUST ONE MOVIE, AND THEN THINK, IF IS REALLY BAD. I KNOW FOR SURE THAT MILLIONS OF PEOPLE, WHO SAW THE MOVIE AROUND THE WORLD, THOUGHT THE SAME I DID: EXCELLENT MOVIE!!!! 
This is a very enjoyable and funny movie with a heartwarming ending. All Michael J. Fox fans be sure to get this! There are many good supporting characters such as: Bridget Fonda, Woody Harrelson, Barnard Hughes and Julie Warner 
Ferris Bueller (Matthew Broderick) is a kind of hero to every high-school aged young adult out there. He's the kind of guy whom we all want to be, really. He acts like he doesn't have a care in the world, and lives life to fullest. The opposite of this guy would be his best friend Cameron Frye (Alan Ruck), a sort of uptight worrywart who deserves to be brought out of his shell by the easygoing Ferris. In this film, Ferris fakes out his parents into calling it another "sick" day for him, his ninth to be exact. In order to convince just about everyone that he is really sick, he consults his collection of electronic sound effect equipment for the process. Another antithesis of Ferris is his life-is-not-fair sister Jeannie(Jennifer Grey) who suspects something is up, as does the sly-but-not-so-slick Dean of Students, Ed Rooney (Jeffrey Jones). It's funny how so many trains of thoughts seem to dominate this movie and in the events that happen For instance, Ferris says that he has to keep coming up with new illnesses in order to make 10 sick days. It's amazing; people, like his parents who are most easily duped, would think that this one sick kid when in reality, he's having a ball. However, knowing that if he gets cauught and may not graduate, he decides to make this one count and be worthwhile. Ferris and Cameron bail out Ferris' girl Sloane (Mia Sara) with a dead grandmother ploy, and together the trio spend the day doing the town in Chicago driving the '61 GT convertible (Oh, yeah!). This movie has a special message and feeling to it that's as old as time. It's about conquering fears mostly and just really appreciating life. For after all, as our hero says: "Life moves pretty fast; if you don't stop to take a look every once in a while, you might miss it." That's the moral of the story, really. "Bueller...Bueller...Bueller?" Not here, but he'll be there in your own home sharing his funny but wise philosophies of life, and showing you how to open your eyes in making the most of every day 
The main character, Lebowski, is a bum of a person living in Los Angeles who spends most of his time either doing nothing or bowling with characters played by John Goodman and Steve Buscemi. Suddenly Lebowski's life is changed when he is mistaken for another Lebowski who is much wealthier than he and who as gotten involved with a group of unsavory characters. The plot evolves as many other Coen movies (Raising Arizona comes to mind) as we are introduced to more-and-more colorful characters and the plot gets more-and-more outrageous, yet somehow still seems real. My favorite component of this film is the character played by John Goodman, a Polish Viet-nam veteran who converted to Judaism after marrying his ex-wife. He has a hair-brained plan to help Lebowski extricate himself from the mix-up mess and he doesn't bowl on Shabbos. He also baby-sits his ex-wife's Pomeranian when she goes out of town. If you liked Raising Arizona you'll want to watch this movie over and over again 
If no adjective appropriately suit this vivid collection of avant-garde films from the 20s and 30s, one reviewer came close in his chosen nomenclature: this one-of-a-kind-combilation, indeed, is "indespensable"! For anyone interested in or in some way connected to film and film studies this box set is a true gem as well as an overwhelming visceral experience. One dare even call it "edenic". Packed with cinematic treats - ranging from early classics as Joris Ivens' "Regen", through film historical curiosities as Marcel Duchamps' "Cinema Anmic" and Richter's "Rhytmus 21" to absolute rarities such as Kirsanoff's "Mnilmontant" - this impressive collection of short experimental films guides you through all main avant-garde genres of the 1920s and 1930s. From impressionist masterpieces ("Mnilmontant", "La glace a trois faces" [Epstein]), through dadaist art-films (Duchamps), French and German cinma pur/Absolut Film ("Symphonie Diagonale" [Eggeling], "Rhytmus 21" [Richter]), futuristic statements ("Ballt mecanique" [Leger]), dazzling city symphonies ("Regen") to such seminal early sound experiments as "Romance Sentimentale" (Eisenstein Alexandrov) and "Le tempestaire" (Epstein). While some films may, indeed, only be labled "curiosities" others are sheer strokes of genius - my personal favorites being Kirsanoff's rare impressionistic gem "Mnilmontant" (with its impressive - in every sense of the word - use of constant P.O.V.-shots, concealing the first person) and Jean Epsteins masterpiece "Le tempestaire" whose use of suspense-generating musique concrte (or "Slow-Motion Sound", as it were) and vividly, picturesque imagery make for a unique cinematic experience. - As visceral as it is beautiful to behold. If only for its lack of a few early classics (notably, Ren Clair's "Entr'act" [1924] and Luis Buuel's "Un chien andalou" [1929] and "L'ge d'or" [1930]) this combilation of early experimental films may not be labeled "perfect". However, I am still to experience any other collection of its kind. For anyone studying film (whether by themselves or in University,) this box set may, indeed, only be ascribed the adjective "indespensible", as done also by a previous reviewer. 
THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE is the epitome of how sublime the Film Noir genre can be. The story of a seductive young woman who goads the handsome hired-hand into murdering her much older husband. Based on the novel by James M. Cain and boasting the stylish performances of Lana Turner and John Garfield, this film was ensured of becoming an instant classic. Over half a century later, we are still singing it's praises. From Lana Turner's memorable entrance as Cora Smith (clad entirely in white and smouldering like a stack of burnt tyres), the audience is taken on a rollercoaster of thrills. The drifter Frank Chambers (Garfield) is so completely infatuated that murder can be as easy as picking up a lipstick case. Cecil Kellaway, Karl Malden and Hume Cronyn co-star. The new DVD from Warners includes a fantastic documentary about John Garfield, plus still-galleries and trailers. TECHNICAL DETAILS: Aspect Ratio: 1:37:1 (fullscreen) Single-sided, dual-layer disc Snapper case Audio: English (mono), French (mono), German (mono), Spanish (mono) Subtitles: English, French, German, Spanish, Portugese, Dutch, Danish, Icelandic, Croatian, Slovenian, Hungarian, Swedish, Czech, Greek, Polish, Romanian, Arabic, English (hearing impaired), German (hearing impaired 
Here we have what has to be one of the most mind bogglingly boring movies ever made! I couldn't believe what I was watching! Moreover,I am aghast that this film garnered some acclaim and that some reviewers on these pages even saw fit to award this dreck with an unbelievable four and five star rating. What is going on? Is it me or them that has totally lost the plot of what movies are supposed to be all about? Am I naive to think that movies should first and foremost entertain? Where oh where was the entertainment in this lame effort of a film with its unsteady shaky comera work,hamfisted confusing screenplay lacking energy and inventiveness and the cloying performance of modern cinema's most tedious and overrated sleep inducing actor Ralph Fiennes? How I long for the good old days when we had great movies with great actors from great writers and great directors and which achieved what they set out to do - entertain.Sadly with the emergence of such a travesty as "The Constant Gardener" it appears that we unfortunate "real" film lovers are in for a dismal viewing future. 
I'm a Colin Firth fan, but that's not the only reason this movie was a great ride... it's because it is a great ride. Just enjoy...you will find yourself in stitches. The contrast between new england dry humor and Brit dry humor...// it's just too funny. Oliver, Colin you guys are the BEST!!! 
rent it but by all means don't buy it. you won't watch it more than once. this movie is not for those who have invested 25+ hours into the tv show. although you will better understand what's going on if you have seen the show, none of this will really seem new or interesting to you. you learn some new facts about Bob and The Man from Another Place, but nothing important. for the most part it just tells the story as we have already pieced together from the show, adding only pointless and unrealistic new occurances (Bobby kills someone, Donna is replaced by an new actor, Coop forsees all the future comings of Laura's murder, etc). all of the twin peaks charm that you have come to love is gone and the movie really suffers from that. you can't only give Coop 10 meaningless lines and expect the show to succeed. i think Lynch's efforts would have been more successful and greatly appreciated if he had made a sequel to the second series, focusing on the complications of Coop being in the Black Lodge, Harry having an emotional attachment to Coop but being forced to bring him down, etc. i guess if you have never seen the series this may be more interesting, but i dont really think so. overall, the look and the feel was very foreign and uncomfortable and it moved very slow. it is somewhat of a letdown coming from a monster writer/director like Lynch. i'm glad i've seen it, but hell, i'd rather watch dune again before this 
I really ejoyed this film.I can't wait to watch it again.This Christmas flick has a great angle,and a wonderfull ending.I always liked the traditional holiday movies,"White Christmas,Holiday Inn," now "Surviving Christmas" is included 
unwatchable !!!!!--over rated poet-- singers who sing off key---- aggrandizing this mediocrity is ludicrous--- 
"The master" at acting like a conceited prat! A "master" at complicating a simple situation with self-righteous, snotty, santimonious drivel while making fun of people who he deems are intellectually inferior to his royal self by twisting their ideas and words around to suit his assault on them. He seems somewhat taken with Alan Price who was there to 'brown-tongue' .. or maybe Alan had nothing else better to do, because he had just been fired from The Animals. Price DID get drunk and throw a glass out onto the street much to the annoyance of Zimmerman... he also opened a bottle of beer on a piano keyboard taking a chip out of the instrument showing total lack of respect for other people's property. I guess obnoxious prats stick together, huh? We see Dylan take every opportunity to make fun of Donovan, and we also see Dylan's manager, Albert Grossman, trying to extort every last penny he can from British TV networks as he lies and plays them off, one against the other, in order to get himself and Dylan a few extra pounds... Finally there are about 6 musical (musical?? It is to laugh!!) numbers from Zimmy... alone on stage with his guitar, huffing'n'puffing into his harmonica, and achieving little more musical sense out of his efforts than Lou Reed did on his Metal Machine Music debacle....oh yeah, and don't forget Joan Baez! Better still, FORGET Joan Baez!! Well worth a look. 
Very entertaining! Except few scenes, I really enjoyed this movie. (but hey, nothing is perfect, right? except maybe LOTR...). You should buy this DVD or at least rent it, watched, and then decide. I watched it few times and I will more in the future! Good romantic comedy! 
I think this is a great film. Many critics and a few reviewers always complain about it's running time (128 minutes), insisting it's too slow. Almost ALL of Clint's films (the ones he's directed) run long. The running times range from just over 2 hours to just under 3 hours (the longest being Bird, at 2 hours, 40 minutes). Sure, the film isn't PC, but it was made in 1975, when you didn't have to be PC. But there is one thing that almost everyone agrees on...the mountain climbing scenes at the end of the film. These are nervewracking and incredibly authentic. Clint did all his own stunts in these sequences, and many professional rock climbers and mountaineers have praised these sequences. And they are very intense to watch, because you know the actors are really up there. No CGI in those days. This is one of the reasons they work so well. CGI looks fake anyway. It makes movies seem like cartoons. People know it isn't real. CGI reliance should be reduced in Hollywood, as it takes the tension out of action scenes. Check this film out. It's worth all of its 128 minutes. 
Ah, Chris Benoit, one of my all-time favorites, which is why I was thrilled when I bought this DVD almost 2 years ago. Personally, I think the documentary is good and somewhat in-depth, I just would've liked it to be longer. But it starts with Benoit's early years growing up in Canada, then to Japan, then ECW, WCW and finally WWE. Benoit's comments make this doc. pretty good, despite the short running time (about 75 mins.), but the matches are where this DVD really shines. There are 15 matches in total and footage from WCW, ECW and Japan against opponents like Jushin Thunder Liger, Black Tiger (Eddie Guerrero) and Great Sasuke, which was footage I loved seeing as it was quite rare. This is a great DVD purchase don't get me wrong, my only problem is as I said the documentary, it's very good, I love watching it, I just wanted it to be longer. 
Love the movie, but the quality of the DVD put out by Alpha Video was so bad it was very difficult to watch. The sound was scratchy and muffled and the picture looked as if the brightness was turned all the way up. If you don't want to be disappointed and feel like you've been ripped off, wait for the remastered cut before you buy this one 
This dvd is pretty bad. I've seen the online trailer for the kino dvd release and the picture quality on the streaming quicktime movie was better then the picture quality on the "triple feature" dvd 
If you love hip hop then don't buy this video. It's a mix of movements that are NOT hip hop 
After buying the original "The Fast and The Furious" I found most of my enjoyment came from making fun of the movie and shaming it. However, I can now say I am a fan of the trilogy (all 3 films are good). Lucas Black is simply The Man and gives another great performance here. Bow Wow does a surprisingly good job as well. Car buffs and street racers will especially like this movie (which I am neither). This is a fast paced and exciting action packed movie that many will enjoy 
People that love this series are misguided at best...it sucks. I mean completely stinks. I will be putting set on eBay. I love the Avengers, The Prisoner...and especially!!! Secret Agent and Danger Man. This stuff is brit tv at it's finest. I also like Monty Python and the Chronicles of Narnia...so a brit-hater I'm not. This series has the most horrific acting, garbage visuals, missing story lines, etc 
Alias must the most boring and dumbest show on TV in years. The acting is lame and EVERYONE is always looking down and try to act. The story is boring and always so typical James Bond. Don't waste your money and time on this crappy non-funny piece of crap. 
Man! this movie is soooooo boring. I literally slept through this movie. If I die not having watched it again ill be happy. i dont even know what its about cuz i watched it when i was like 5 yrs. old, but i dont care cuz just thinkin bout it makes me wanna cr 
Welcome to the Lower East Side, where the high-rise apartments of the super-rich abut the tenements on the riverside. Here Joel McCrea, a poor would-be architect, is infatuated with rich girl Wendy Barrie, while poor girl Sylvia Sidney pines for him, all the while trying to save her younger brother from a life of crime on the streets. Into the scene strides Humphrey Bogart as a wanted killer, coming home to try to reconnect with his mother and an old flame. Intersecting with the adult storyline is that of the Dead End Kids (in what would be the first of many screen appearances), of which Sidney's brother is the leader. The film is based on a play, and boy can you tell. The studio set is deeply obvious as such, and the structure is too carefully symmetrical. The social symbolism is subtle as a sledgehammer, and the script is too caught up with being Worthy. Bogart's performance is a striking one, however, and his character stands out as fully realized when compared to the walking Social Messages incarnated by Sidney and McCrea. The Dead End Kids (also known as the East Side Kids, the Bowery Boys, and the Little Tough Guys) would show again the following year in Angels with Dirty Faces, and viewing the two films together is instructive, showing, among other things, the difference between MGM's gloss (which sat uneasily on a gangster story) and Warner's far more convincing grit. The mono track is in good shape. The print is in pretty good shape, but there's no hiding the fact that this is a film from 1937. The trailer is here, and nothing else. The menu is basic. Once celebrated with Oscar nominations, this film now seems rather silly compared to the Warner gangster films of the same period. But it has a definite historical value, and certainly deserves its release 
The most interesting part of this action movie is the centrality of the cell phone. The movie is a Nokia product placement, highlighting what awful danger you are in if you are not connected and, conversely, what a phone can do for you if you have one. The plot centers on Jessica (Kim Basinger) who is abducted because the bad guys think she has something that they need. Mystery #1: What is it? After lots of running/driving in various parts of L.A. the bad guys round up Jessica's family, while on the other end a pretty guy turned superhero and a would-be day spa owner cop are trying to help them. Mystery #2: how will the cell phone save the day? Mystery #3. Watch for the credits at the end of the film. They show up on a...? Yep, you got it 
Nice movie with a resonable story and a keeper for anyone looking to add in his collection great nude scenes with Angelina Jolie. :- 
I was told this was hilarious. Cheech and Chong and so many others. Not only were theye barely there, I must have missed the funny part. I wish I'd missed the whole movie. Don't bother 
*TALES FROM THE CRYPT THEME MUSIC PLAYS, AS THE CAMERA SHOOTS THROUGH A SPOOKY HAUNTED MANSION. THE CAMERA REACHES THE BASEMENT, OUT POPS THE CRYPT KEEPER WITH HIS MENACING CACKLE* "TALES FROM THE CRYPT". This show is one of my all-time favorites. I used to sit in front of the television with my father every Saturday night when this show came on. The stories in this show were so amazing and so well done, that I couldn't help myself when I became hooked on the show, and I was only four-years-old when this show debuted with its first season back in 1989. TALES FROM THE CRYPT takes you on a journey through six horrifying episodes, each one scaring you in one way or another. This here first season only includes six episodes, but all six are very terrifying, and many ways, rather comical as well. #1: THE MAN WHO WAS DEATH (aired June 10, 1989) This spook-tacular episode shows a man named NILES (played by William Saddler, who would then go on to take the male lead role in the first-ever TALES FROM THE CRYPT motion picture entitled, TALES FROM THE CRYPT presents DEMON KNIGHT), who has spent the last twelve years of his life shooting electricity into prisoners, sending out their life sentences. But now, a law has been passed to ban the life sentence, for even executing murderers and law breakers is "Still Murder Within The Eyes of God". Niles then appears in a few court cases where the defendants happen to be let off the hook, despite the fact they are indeed guilty. This leaves Niles to privately execute the defendants, where it leads Niles into his own arrest, where is then in for a "Shocking" surprise. #2: AND ALL THROUGH THE HOUSE (aired June 10, 1989) In this chilling Holiday-filled episode, a woman murders her husband in cold blood on Christmas Eve. As she tries to bury the body outside in the freezing cold snow, she neglects to hear on the news that an escaped mental patient as broken out of the sanitarium, and has already killed four women in the county. The news has even stated that the patient has been seen wearing a Santa Claus suit, a suit he had stolen from one his victims. The mental patient stumbles upon this woman, practically killing her, but she seems to have killed him by stabbing him in the stomach. As she gets a hold of the police on the phone, she is told by the police to look around for a weapon to use, since she has informed the police that the patient has gotten up and entered her house, after she stabbed him the stomach. She goes into the closet to get her gun, but the door locks. As she pounds on the door, trying to get out, the patient climbs up to the woman's daughter's bedroom, with the daughter thinking that's it the real Santa. She busts through the closet and finds her daughter safe and sound, holding "Santa" by the hand, with her mother screaming at the top of her lungs. #3: DIG THAT CAT...HE'S REAL GONE (aired June 10, 1989) In this brilliant episode, ULRIC (played by Joe Pantoliano) comes across a seemingly mad scientist, who gives Ulric an offer he can't refuse: Have the gland of a cat inserted into his brain to give him the ability to resurrected after he is killed. The surgery goes successful, where Ulric becomes a classic act at the county fairs. He has been drowned, shot in the heart with an arrow, electrocuted, and many more. But he just kept coming back from beyond the grave. Here is now about to pull his next death stunt: being buried alive for twelve hours, and then resurrected. But...wait a minute. Ulric has already died and been resurrected...nine times. #4: ONLY SIN DEEP (aired June 14, 1989) In this sexy and beauty-filled episode, SYLVIA (played by Lea Thompson) is a 21-year-old hooker, looking to quit the business and clean up her act. She does so with the money she has robbed from her pimp...after killing him. She goes into a pawn shop to have her pimp's jewelery, but the pawner reveals that the jewelery isn't worth crap, for the jewelery is "hot". But he's willing to pay Sylvia $10,000 for her "beauty". He informs her that if she wants her beauty back, she has to get it back within a four-month period. Okay, whatever, you old whack-job. Sylvia goes through with the pawning of her beauty and goes out on her way with her 10 Gs. She meets a playboy and begins dating him. Four months go by and Sylvia begins seeing some odd changes in her complextion. She goes to a dermotologist, but he cannot seem to figure out what is wrong, where it is then and there that Sylvia figures out that the pawner was not kidding. She demands her beauty back, but the pawner will only sell it back to her for...$100,000. She kills her playboy boyfriend, and scrapes up every piece of jewelery he ever bought her. She gets her beauty back, which was formed in a plaster-of-paris head of her own self, but it ends up being smashed to pieces when one of Sylvia's hooker friends bumps right into her, not recognizing Sylvia, for she has become so hideous, like an old, disgusting haggard witch. #5: LOVER, COME HACK TO ME (aired June 21, 1989) In this ciller, Charles has found Peggy, the perfect girl. Peggy has found Charles, the perfect man. The two have married, against the wishes of Peggy's aunt. On their way to their honeymoon, they are stranded into an old house, where they have to succomb into spending their wedding night in this disgusting old house. Peggy wants her wedding night to be perfect, so consumating their marriage on the sofa is not a good idea. Comsumating their marriage in a bed is much better. They do their thing, and they both fall asleep, where Peggy says in a sort of joking way that they've made a child, a little girl. Charles falls asleep, but he wakes up to the sound of Peggy entering the house with another man. He watches his own wife screw another guy on the sofa, where they guy falls asleep, while Peggy tells him of how they've just conceived a child, a little girl. She then picks up an axe, leans over to the man's ear and simply says, "Peggy would make a great name for our little girl, wouldn't it?" She swings the axe and kills the guy she just had sex with. Charles wakes up in horror, for it was only a nightmare, but it was a nightmare about a true fact: Peggy's mother had killed her Peggy's father on their wedding night, after they had consumated their marriage, where her mother and father had just conceived Peggy that very night. Peggy's mother said she did it to consume the perfect love to a perfect wedding night. But Charles claims that he didn't marry Peggy out of love. He married her for her money, and he was going to murder Peggy that very night, report to the police that an accident had happened, where he would inherit the money, but Peggy has made a change in plans: continuing her family tradition, which is: Murdering her husband to consume the perfect love on the perfect wedding night, after consumating their marriage, which led into the conception of their daughter. #6: COLLECTION COMPLETED (aired June 28, 1989) In this lame episode, Audrey Lindley (the actress best known for her role as HELEN ROPER on Three's Company) plays a lonely housewife, who's husband named JULIAS has just retired. One the first day of his retirement, her husband is already going crazy because of all the animals his wife has in the house. She continues to claim that she does not want to get rid of the animals because they are her "friends", they've kept her company all those years her husband had spent working, instead of paying more attention to his own wife. Days go by, and the house is seeing less and less of the animals. Julias then shows his wife where all the animals have gone: in his basement...stuffed. The last animal to be taken care of is a cat, but Julias' wife bashes his skull in. But the next afternoon, she is sitting in the living room with Julias, talking to him as if he were still alive. Their friendly next-door neighbor drops by, where he discovers Julias' stuffed body. This was a great season. But stay tuned, Boils and Ghouls. There's plenty more terrifying tales to come in the following seasons *CRYPT KEEPER'S CACKLE 
George Sluizer's original Dutch-French version of The Vanishing (aka The Man Who Wanted to Know) offers one of European cinema's most quietly disturbingly anonymous and everyday sociopaths, feeling his way one step at a time towards murder. If you've seen that version, you probably still can't get the final revelation out of your head, but the film had plenty more to offer than that, playing with chronology, subverting the usual cliches of its 'Lady Vanishes' plot (the hero wants to know what happened to his missing lover far more than he wants her to be alive) and throwing in some excellent characterization. I can only assume that for this 1993 US remake Sluizer was so determined that no-one else was going to get the chance to ruin his film when he was perfectly capable of doing it himself, but few people could have anticipated how comprehensively he trashes his own work. His career never recovered. Chief culprit is an astonishing performance by Jeff Bridges that has been overthought through in every detail to a truly disastrous level. A friend who produced one of his earliest movies noted that Bridges was a great instinctive actor as long as you stopped him thinking about what he was doing, and this film is the proof of the pudding. Every movement is overly mechanical in its precision, making him look like a rusty clockwork toy, while his voice is a bizarre mixture of Tootsie, Latka Gravas from Taxi and a Dalek who have all been taking elocution lessons from Dok-tah E-ville. No banality of evil here, just a looney walking around with an invisible sign over his head saying "Please. Let. Me. Kill. You. Thank you. For your. Consideration.' But the blame really needs to be shared out here. None of the performances are good: often, they don't even look good - Keifer Sutherland looks more like a baby hamster than a distraught man at his wits end in the hurried scenes at the gas station, Nancy Travis flounders badly and Sandra Bullock makes no impression at all as the object of his obsession. Not that they're given any help by either director or writer Todd Graff. The script is particularly weak. The chronology has been altered to put the focus firmly on Bridges at the expense of the couple at the opening of the film. Worse is the rush the film is in, draining the life and character from each scene in its race to get to the next. Rather than the high/low mood shifts in the couple's relationship or the apparently casual but careful establishing of the feel of the location, we just get a couple of arguments that give you the impression that he's probably better off without her. As for the new and improved happy ending - standard woman chased by nutter in the woods jeopardy stuff complete with lame `let's end on a joke like a TV cop show' moment - best not go there... which is advice that holds for this entire trainwreck of a movie. Even a shockingly bland and uninspired Jerry Goldsmith score can't do anything for this one. 
First off, let me explain why I purchased the AROUND THE WORLD IN 80 DAYS DVD in the first place, sight unseen. One, I was trying to collect as many notable films of the 1950's as I could on DVD, to add to my personal library. Two, it was the winner of the 1956 Best Picture Oscar (how bad could it be, right?). And third, it was on sale at my local wholesaler. So I figured, what the hey, I'll take a chance. Talk about a COLOSSAL disappointment. I'm a huge movie buff. I'm only 32 years old, but I love all sorts of films and genres from different periods and countries. I love old black white and silent films, and I don't shy away from foreign films either. I'm also a huge fan of Warner Brothers' 2-Disc Special Edition DVDs. I try to keep an open mind about all the films I see, but I just can't come up with any convincing arguments to either buy or watch this film/DVD. To start, there is NO GOOD REASON why this film should be 3 hours long. It could have very easily been edited down to 2, if not 90 minutes. There is almost no script to speak of, and what little there is consists of trite exchanges and banter with barely 2 memorable lines of dialogue. There are endless shots of open seas or country, followed by about 30 seconds of dialogue, followed by EVEN MORE endless footage of different locales. There is no real drama or comedy going on to drive the film, and the pacing is absolutely DREADFUL... I found myself hitting the "fast-foward" button on my remote on more than a few occasions, simply because I knew I wasn't missing any dialogue and the establishing shots would go on for 1 or 2 minutes STRAIGHT! Secondly, the entire cast is virtually wasted. David Niven is always a delight to watch, but is never given a chance to make Fogg truly shine. He has one demeanor that he holds throughout: stiff and mannered, with little or no variation. Cantinflas, who supposedly was one of the highest paid comedians in the world at the time 80 DAYS was produced, gives us little reason to believe how or why he was such a sensation (other than doing his own stunt work). He's mildly amusing at best, and his accent is so thick and mumbled that I had to rewind and replay some scenes with the "subtitle" button on. As for the "noted" cameos... again, the actors/comedians are given little to do and barely play to their strengths and familiarity. The only cameo actor who stuck out as having any real performance or impact was the great John Carradine (can't miss that voice!). It's hard to believe it took THREE different writers to come up with such a frustratingly bland, lifeless and unfunny script (not to mention headscratchingly illogical... when Cantinflas rescues the Shirley MacLaine Princess character, wouldn't she fall in love with HIM, her actual rescuer, rather than the cool and distant Fogg, who only ordered the rescue? Talk about a missed opportunity for some genuine comedy!). Although this film obviously has some fans, I wonder if it's only because of some overriding nostalgia factor, whether it was seeing it for the first time back in 1956 or on TV as a child. Other than that, I can't understand how anyone could seriously recommend this film. Yes, it's beautifully photographed, and the costumes are great, but THAT'S IT. I can't believe that 80 DAYS won the Best Picture Oscar of 1956, a year that also gave us GIANT, THE TEN COMMANDMENTS, THE KING AND I, THE SEARCHERS... hell, even FORBIDDEN PLANET or INVASION OF THE BODY SNATCHERS should have won before this overblown moving postcard. I'm sorry to say that I probably won't bother watching this film again and will most likely end up reselling my DVD copy (if anyone will take it!). Certainly my most disappointing DVD purchase EVER. Don't say you weren't warned! 
I agree with others! Season by season BOX SETS of Beavis Butt-Head are what we fans want! With all music and B commentary and no damned edits of anything! Until then, Mike Judge company, I will NOT buy anything B related, relying instead on my own VHS recorded episodes(limited in number of episodes as they are at least they're the complete original episodes)that I've transfered to DVD. I want each and every episode uncut and in their original broadcast order. Who's the brains behind the lame "Mike Judge Collection" series anyway?!? Some dumbass idiot working at Burger World??? Just from a purely greedy standpoint you'd make way more greenbacks by doing it the right way for cryin' out loud! Not to mention retain the show's and your integrity. Hell, even Beavis and Butt-Head'd think this "Collection" concept'd be lame and stupid!! Get with the groove Mike Co. and give us what we want already!! 
I am a big fan of Woody Allen and I presume that I will eventually get around to seeing all of his movies. Prior to viewing "What's New Pussycat?", I would have presumed that I would enjoy each and every movie. However, "What's New Pussycat?" has shown me that even Woody Allen can make a disaster movie. What is wrong with this movie is just about everything. The acting can only do so much with an impossibly awful script and a director who seems to want to magnify the faults rather than cover them up. We start with a man whose problem is that he must seduce every acttractive woman he sees. Peter O'Toole won the rights to play this character and he is surrounded by beautiful women. He proceeds to make it all seem so boringly ridiculous. He calls all his femine friends "pussycat" which gets old after a while. He constantly displays a bewildered expression coupled with a rather interested/disinterested approach toward his playmates. He seeks the help of a sexually challenged psychiatrist played by Peter Sellers. Sellers does his best with what little he has to work with. He has the Dr. Strangelove accent down pretty good and he is constantly on the make but the humor that emerges is so weak as to be embarassing at times. Woody Allen wrote the script, which is the most shocking disappointment of the whole picture. I once heard a comedian remark that a good comic writer can give you 10 new jokes of which you can use 3. With Woody Allen, the comedian said, you can use all 10. In "What's New Pussycat?", I wish there HAD been at least three good jokes. This overlong look into the problems that O'Toole's character suffers from eventually attempts to save itself with a sort of Bennie Hill-style slapstick. I take that back; there's no justifiable reason to besmirch the good name of Bennie Hill by associating it with this turkey. Anyway, the movie ends in a chateau with a sort of musical beds involving all of O'Toole's mistresses. An incomprehensible brouhaha ensues and the revelers escape to a neighboring go-kart track. (Presumeably all fashional French Chateaus have a conveniently adjacent go-kart track). This enables the movie to sink so low that it boggles the mind. After all, we have some top talent in Allen, Sellers and O'toole and we see them spontaneously go go-kart-riding off into the sunset (or the side of a building, or a mud puddle, or something meant to be funny). I was glad to be done with the movie. Woody Allen is a great talent. Peter Sellers was a great talent. Peter O'Toole was a great talent. Watch them in their other productions but spare yourself the one movie that each one of them should not have made 
The greatest show ever to hit T.V. You will never know what happens next on this show and that is one of the many elements that make this show great,It always keeps you guessing and wanting more.C.T.U(Counter Terrorist Unit) and C.T.U operative Jack Bauer(Keifer Sutherland)try and stop terrorist threats all within 24 hours which is in real time. What I like about this show is that Keifer Sutherlands character Jack Bauer is not afraid to do what ever it takes to stop a terrorist threat even if it is going against C.T.U or the President. Another great aspect of the show is they are not afraid to kill off main characters that you grow to love on the show, so you will never now what is going to happen next which keeps you wanting more. You still reading, stop and go buy the first season right now. Hell, buy all 4 right now thats how good it is 
This movie is just not scary. I'm a HUGE horror movie fan and this movie has no tension in it, no edge of your seat fear. I liked the sequel "Devil's Rejects", but that isn't much of a "horror" movie either (unless you think "From Dusk Til Dawn" is scary). "1,000 Corpses" is about as scary as "Hostel". It should never be mentioned in the same breath as "Texas Chainsaw", because other than trying to look like a gritty 70's horror flick, it has nothing in common with "Chainsaw". It has a few moments, but they are ruined by cartoon-like scenarios. Still Zombie has potential, his follow up "Reject's" was a definite improvement. I didn't hate it, it's just not a scary horror movie. Nothing new, no tension, but entertaining in some scenes, so I'm giving it 2 stars 
Now with the release of the '38 version of 'A Christmas Carol' I can once again enjoy the antics of the grumpy old Ebenezer Scrooge as played by Reginald Owens. In my opinion not as good as the later Alastair Sim version in '51, but all in all a wonderful film that can be enjoyed by the whole family. This version is not as dark and scary as the '51 production, so if you have a young child you want to introduce to this wonderful Christmas story of transformation and redemption for the first time this is definitely the version they should view first. One of the essentials for your DVD Christmas collection! 
We recently purchased this DVD for our three year old son who is obsessed with John Deere tractors. He watches it over and over again until we can't take it anymore. The songs are catchy and you will find yourself humming along even if you don't mean to. If you have a child who loves John Deere, then this is a perfect DVD for them. 
could have been a truly interesting film, just plain simpleminded and annoying 
I have both Madonna Grimes workouts DVD's and fell in love with her 10 minute workouts. It was a great way to start my day, I was hoping that this tape included two new workouts alas they were the same, but with disapointment comes satisfaction. The other 10 minute workouts give me a chance to change my early morning workouts, and learn a workout that I never thought that I would learn and enjoy doing. Jayna's bellydance helps you to feel sexy and still enjoy the feeling you get from her low impact toning, also great moves you can use for other reasons. Rania's upper body is really fun, some of the steps are a little harder to do on carpet since you do this barefoot. Suhaila workout I am intimidated by. I have not been able to watch it long enough to complete it. I have a little trouble getting past the control that she has on her butt cheeks. She can contract them one at a time. Some mornings I get enough energy and do multiple workouts from this tape. They are really fun. This tape has a bonus YOGA, I had never tried YOGA and this gave me an opportunity to try it. I highly recommeded this DVD/VHS. I love the 10 minute workouts. With this DVD/VHS there are no excuses you can always find 10 minutes in a day. 
Sorry but this movie certainly showed a horrific side of the old west. Sure there were some noble men and victimized young Chinese girls, but they were way outnumbered by the rotten men and women depicted in the movie. I do not find very graphic violence, nudity, and rape on the top of my must watch list. I skipped to the ending on the second disk 
When I first saw this cheezy flick at a summer midnight madness film festival twenty-some years ago,I honestly thought it was a joke.I mean,the young people in this 1938 B/W film almost make Ward and June Cleaver look cool.1938,is this right?The Three Stooges were still new at that time.If parents truly wish for their off-spring to avoid blowing weed,they may not want to choose to show them this DVD.It's SO hard to take seriously.Thank goodness there aren't any 'extra features' here.I don't think I could've taken it.'Reefer...' does have a sole purpose,to watch maybe every two years after dark when there isn't any thing good on TV 
This is the best Batman volume yet! The old Robin ( Dick Grayson ), travels around the world and becomes Nightwing. A new Robin fights by Batman's side ( Tim Drake ), and Batgirl is part of the group. Many villains look different. Clayface looks more like clay, and Bane looks more and act more like a freelance assasin. I will now tell you how good each episode is. Disc 1:Holiday Knights=A Sins Of The Father=A+ Cold Comfort=A- Double Talk=A- You Scratch My Back=A Never Fear=A+ Disc 2:Joker's Millions=B++ Growing Pains=A++ Love Is A Croc=B+ Torch Song=A- The Ultimate Thrill=B+ Over The Edge=A++ Disc 3:Mean Seasons=B+ Critters=A- Cult Of The Cat=A Animal Act=A+ Old Wounds=A++ The Demon Within=A Disc 4:Legends Of The Dark Knight=A- Superman Episode-Girl's Nite Out=A Mad Love=B++ Chemistry=A Beware The Creeper=A++ Judgement Day=B+ 
Perfect for kids age 3 and up - highly recommended. Not a scary way to teach kids about safety, just helps kids stay smart on the safe side 
Anchor Bay has come through again with this wonderful set of Paul Verhoeven's early films. All of the transfers are top-notch and the subtitles are very clear and concise. As the individual titles have already been reviewed seperately, the big draw to this collection is being able to collect all of these brilliant films for much less than their retail price. The collectible booklet that's included provides plot summaries and quotes from the director and/or cast member(s). Overall, I highly recommend this collection for even the casual filmgoer who is looking for that unique film experience 
I find this film to be very different to most American films. It is very funny in its own way and MAKE you think about the true meaning of money and its relationship to HAPPYNESS. It is on my ten best films. 
I own over 250 DVDs, with a huge mixture of types. This is the worst movie for this year I've seen so far. What a waste of my time. Go ahead and see it, but I don't recommend it 
The great thing about the Naruto series is it has an involved, ongoing storyline without taking itself too seriously. The episodes are well translated and the actors well chosen. It has some suspense and alot of comedy and for older children it has a nice message of never giving up on your dreams. My small gripes are that for some reason Naruto has the catch phrase of "Believe it!", and it gets dropped into places that it doesn't make any sense, but it's a small problem. Also the extras you get are really fun and high quality. This is a great package for the hardcore fan and newcomer alike 
I really liked this DVD...has a lot of information and covered a lot of their important games. The special features are interesting, as well 
I knew that I wanted this movie, but I had forgotten much of the plot. It is a pleasure to view this one and recall that movies could be humorous without being decadent; that adventure could be portrayed without endless special effects or digital animation or dissonant "music"; and that the more leisurely pace was relaxing :-) Suffice to say that both my wife and I found it very enjoyable! The extra clips were fascinating background on making of the movie: one should not miss reviewing them. The effort spent on the aircraft alone added a considerable touch of reality 
A friend and I tried watching this film once again recently, but still we both find it irritating and unpleasant. From the beginning, when Katharine Hepburn's character destroys other people's cars without a care, we found one scene after another tedious and unfunny. The acting is fine, as could be expected from such greats as Hepburn and Cary Grant. But the characters are not sympathetic, fun or interesting. Grant's character is an unassertive, spineless person who is easily dominated. Hepburn's character is blindly selfish. Who could care what happens to them? The one interesting element is the acting that is done in proximity to a live leopard. 
Not only does the new music change the mood and quality of critical scenes, it's tantamount to watching old Batman episodes. As soon as something develops, in comes the cheesy music... The added scenes were poorly produced which is why they didn't make the original cut...The interviews seemed contrived. I'm not impressed. The older version supersedes the new 
This is the kind of morbid/vulger trash that Warner Brothers does now. With them it's a show that is full of sex, graphic content, and a life style that is really damging to one's mental and physical health. This show and it's studio are no better then Disney and their Desperate Housewives show that treats women like call girls. It's all represents a Hollywood that is out of control and completely gone off the edge. I condem them both 
In Dr Yang's DVD I expected to find a good reference for my practice of the Yang 108 form, but I am very displeased with the quality of the DVD. For the price that I paid, I expected a least good video quality. When Dr. Yang executes the complete form the illumination is very poor; there are close ups of the upper body and obviously, the movement of the legs is not seen; you get lost with changes of camera angles; at some point, you can see people in the background; and the stage is not properly set up. Also, and with all due respect, his movements are weird. I have seen several presentations and videos of other professional instructors of the Yang 108 form and there are several differences in the way movements are executed. Definitively I do not recommend this DVD to any one who wants to use it as a reference, you can use it as a movie 
this movie is one of the 3 ~worst~ movies I've ever seen. these 98 minutes seemed more like 6 hours. and for chrissake - he's NOT an american 
While it may be true that the "camera doesn't lie," when you take 600+ hours of footage and edit them down to 6, you have a lot of leaway to manipulate. Immediately after finishing the film, I would have given this movie 4 stars. It's very well crafted and kept my wife and me fascinated for all eight episodes. After we finished watching it, however, we wanted to know more, so we started gathering information from other sources. Very quickly, we discovered that we had been conned. Jean-Xavier de Lestrade clearly knew what would make a compelling story, and he crafted the footage to tell that story. Unfortunately, it doesn't appear to be the real story. We felt so betrayed. We'd spent 6 hours watching what was purported to be the truth only to discover that huge amounts of evidence had not been shown (much less explained) and that the documentary clearly was more spin that revelation. If you want to see a well-made film that will keep you amazed and guessing, definitely see this film. If you want to see something that reflects reality, I would look elsewhere 
So I thought I only saw pieces of the ABC presentation of Desperation. On TV I thought I missed the chapter about the first family, David's family, and how they came to be in the town jail. It turns out I didn't miss anything, that's the way it was filmed. When I heard the film was available on DVD and "R" rated, too, I vowed to rent it and see the movie as it was designed to be seen. Curses, gore, adult scares and, perhaps a booby! One wouldn't expect anything but the most watered down presentation on ABC but the "R" rated version, oh boy! The DVD, rated "R", was EXACTLY the same presentation word for word and scene for scene with the only difference being the exclusion of commercials. I'm going to say, and prove me wrong, that the "R" rating was slapped on the DVD to intice people to rent it to see the original adult version. What a sneaky rip-off. How can they do that? Overall, the movie was not great. The ending was completely tacked on and I got a little tired of the sermonizing. The performances were OK, with the exception of Ron Perlman's performance. He was outstanding. I know Amazon sells this DVD but they also sell the book and the book is much more satisfying. It's hard to believe the same guy that wrote the movie also wrote the book. I'm sure everybody made lots of money on this project but I'd like my money back 
On the surface this film is a pretty good courtroom drama. Underneath, however, the director seems to have a couple of other themes going. One thing that stood out to me is that the film is full of people who are "caught between a rock and a hard place". Right from the start, where Childers has to choose between following the rules of war or saving his best friend. He has a similar choice on the wall in Yemin - fire into the crowd or let the attack on his people continue. I think he knew at that moment that his career was in the crapper. Jones' character said as much during the trial: "Whatever happens here, this man will never command marines again". The "bad guy" national security advisor was in a bind: do what is best for America's interests or back up the colonel? The ambassador had to make a hard choice: lie on the stand or lose his job, his status, his reputation? Even his wife had to decide whether to tell the truth or stand behind her husband's story. Biggs, the prosecutor, got caught up in it - he started out with the intent to prosecute what he was convinced was a legitimate case, then got tossed a 'hot potato' by the NSA right in open court. Childers' second-in-command, Captain Lee, had to decide whether to tell the truth or back his colonel. And so on. The court-martial itself seems to pit logic against emotion (shades of Star Trek!). The differences are clearest in the closing arguements - Biggs is the Joe Friday "just the facts" type; he presents the panel with A. this happened, then B this happened, and so on. Hayes' whole arguement is based on emotion - and then, finally, the jury is left with yet another hard decision. I found the movie very interesting in terms of what is going on with the characters - a lot of films are like this, if you look a little deeper, there's more there than the surface story. 
I went into this movie thinking it would be great to see a film set in the turbulent but interesting history of first settlements in the far north of Northern America. Having only really seen Pocahontas through the eyes of Disney, I felt this would be a good chance to see something more significant and engaging on one of histories more interesting events. Like other reviewers, I found the photography and the scenery to be simply stunning. Visually, the film wows the viewer. The scenes simply amaze with their beauty, the sets with their majesty and also rustic simplicity. Coupled with the musical score, this was some of the best camera work I have seen in a long time. This was, in my opinion, the sole redeeming feature of the film. While the filme attempted to contemplate serious and deep issues of love, allegiance and so on, it succeeded in only boring the tears out this viewer with the monotonous monologues of the characters done as long lengths of naration. In one part, the plot lost some continuity and needed reviewing to get to grips with what had happened. For actors of the calibre of Colin Farrell and Christian Bale, this film did not show them at their best. Certainly not the worst I have seen by any stretch, but definitely not the best I have seen from either one of these actors. Tread with caution on this one, and hire it before you buy it. I am glad I did not spend good money purchasing it. Quite frankly, it is a great cure for insomnia 
We LOVE these movies! They entertain the child as well as the adult! We went through a period where we watched these every night before bed! Much better than the Baby Einstein Collection! We've made this our designated baby shower gift! Everyone should have a copy! They are good for parents as a stress relief. You don't even need to watch them, just have them playing in the background, the music is absolutely wonderful. I love when I catch my kids humming the music as they are playing. Perfect for any age, boy or girl! Thank you HBO 
Our daughter has weak muscles and I wanted some workout videos we could do as a family to supplement her physical therapy. I saw all the good reviews and thought this would work for us especially since our girls love bears. NOT! It did not keep their attention and as adults the movie was a tad annoying to us. 
Film Noir at it's Best. Lies, Betrayal, Deception, Sexual Eroticism. All through the movie You dont know who to cheer for, THe Cop, The Dirty Teacher, The Trailer Trash Chic, The Funny Lawyer, THe School Tramp, The Tramp's MOther, THe Cop's Partner, The Tramp's Mother Cuban LOver. You dont know who is who and what is up or down. ONe big Dirty Camp of a Movie..to describe it with only one word it would be....... YUMMY 
One of the most overrated comedy shows ever. Basically the calibre of a high school talent show. In a way it reminds me of Tom Goes To The Mayor, seemingly fitting into a comedy niche I don't understand which is more about being weird than being clever, but it seems like it's even more about being dull than being weird. I've heard improv described as being not about trying to think of something funny to say but just saying whatever comes into your head. I think these guys took that a bit too much to heart. Maybe the fans see some subtle naunces I'm missing, but to me it seems like I could have written most of this material with little effort. 
The Full Frame version is just that, the unmatted full frame of the filmed image. The Widescreen version is simply the full frame matted with black bars to fit a wide theater screen (this is how it was originally shown in theaters). In two spots the DVD lies about the Full Frame version, saying that it's a Pan Scan trimming of the Widescreen picture. (1) The Widescreen/Full Frame menu screen which comes up when the disc boots up and also when you select "Video Setup" from the main menu. This screen shows a screen capture of a film frame that appears at 19:46 in the movie. The capture was taken from the Widescreen matted version of the film, and the "Full Frame" image displayed is simply a cropped version of the Widescreen image. (2) The text "The following film has been modified from its original version. It has been formatted to fit this screen." which appears before the Full Frame version of the movie is played. MGM got themselves into trouble for this very same lie on their DVD packaging 
I can't wait for this second season to FINALLY be released. I bought the first set on a whim and WOW was I pleasantly surprised. I never knew Alfred Hitchcock had such a fun personality and such wicked humor before viewing his little intro's and exits during each episode. This set includes 39 episodes from the 1956-1957 season. The casts of each show are superb and the certain actors who show up in other episodes are always welcome as the new characters they play. If you love short, play-like drama's (some are comedy's in a dark vain) you owe it to yourself to check out both season sets and join me and others who hope that the studio's will quickly release all of the seasons for us fans. Peace :o 
another Jean-claude van damme classic,tw0 jean-claudes? which is good? whos the wimp? Just watch the movi 
I have heard both Arrau and Richter playing Liszt's B Minor Sonata and I am afraid I very much prefer the way Yundi Li had played this piece. Perhaps it is not fair to compare their techniques as Arrau's technique was always not that impressive. Yundi Li is not just a virtuoso. You are impressed not only by the shattering way he played for the more emotional part of this piece ( when Liszt was supposed to struggle with his other side of character), you will also be impressed by his every subtle nuance for the lyrical part of the music which you seldom hear from others. You will also appreciate all the smooth transitions he made from one theme to another. Will I be able to hear a better and a more logical Liszt's B Minor Sonata than this? I believe Yundi Li is capable of very deep feeling when he plays. You seldom find one pianist more deeply immersed in the music during performance than Yundi Li . Music just flow out from his fingers in a most natural way as a result of such deep feeling. I particularly agree with this description of Yundi Li: "What distinguishes this uniquely gifted young artist from most of his contemporaries is his ability to put his personal stamp on a work without resorting, even for a single gesture, to eccentricity." Although Richter was technically more capable compared with Arrau, I have always found him not expressive enough for pieces that require more rubati. You will be impressed by his technique for some Beethoven Sonata. 
This film was not what I expected. It was so plain. I was about ready to turn it off. Others may like it though. 
a coffee table book come to life, ridiculously uninvolving writing and acting; you could turn to any chapter in this pretentious take on mid-20th century japan and not suffer any the worse for it. 
this is like the classic that killed other classics. for some reason this is around the time when characters started dying off more in anime. so anime was never the same around this time. based off the manga loosely. i mean some parts are changed or edited. over here the manga was rare so try it if you like this type of animation. still one of my favorites in terms of anime classics. beware this is a type of movie that will kick you in your face and start to laugh. a very hyper violent film. lot's of action! 
Rather than "Menace to Society", this movie should be titled, "The Unfortunate Victims of a Racist Society". My heart bleeds for the real-world counterparts of these young men, caught up in the unending battle for survival in South-central LA, and other such areas all around the country. I understand that we all make choices, but how many do these young men have? It is a racist, exclusionary society that has condemned them to their fate; to die violently at the hands of their own brothers. Its sickening. Society is more of a menace to these young men, than they are responsible for being a menace to society. Having said that, the movie itself is excellent. It's gritty and real to the 'nth' degree. Movies like this should be a huge wakeup call for the 'powers that be' in this country, but the reality is that the grave lessons it teaches will pass unnoticed 
I purchased this DVD a while ago - FYI - A documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie. I went to the web site to complain and my profile could not be found. Here, years later, when I'm finally placing another through Amazon They found my account and noted that I purchased Meet John Doe. I guess it's a little late to complain now 
Based upon director and writer Oliver Stone's own experiences in Vietnam, PLATOON was the first major motion picture about that war directed by a veteran from that conflict. The movie revolves around a young American soldier, Pvt. Chris Taylor (a young Charlie Sheen) and the platoon he lives and fights with during his tour of duty. The battle sequences are very gritty, graphic, and realistic. Taylor serves under the direct leadership of Sgt. Elias Grodin (Willem Dafoe), but both men are under the command of Staff Sgt. Bob Barnes (Tom Berenger). Grodin and Barnes have two completely different views of leadership and opposing worldviews. Grodin represents everything that is good and noble and worth fighting for in the conflict, while Barnes represents all the evil and ugliness of the war. At its core then, PLATOON is a movie about the internal war for one soldier's soul between good and evil. Though Stone based the film upon his own experiences, there are scenes that have been embellished and the view Stone presents is only one view of the war--see the film WE WERE SOLDIERS for the opposite view as presented by Stone in PLATOON. Despite the negative outlook upon life, the military, and the Vietnam War, PLATOON is probably Oliver Stone's best movie to date. Stone's direction of the film is brilliant from the two-week boot camp the actors endured before principal filming, to the fine details such as the color of the wrapping paper on the cigarettes, to filming in sequence, to recognizing the talent of Johnny Depp, Stone illustrated in PLATOON was that he was a great director and one to be reckoned with. The film contains fine performances: Tom Berenger, Willem Dafoe, Charlie Sheen, Forest Whitaker, Francesco Quinn, John C. McGinley, and Johnny Depp all give powerful portrayals that ground the movie in humanity, despite the deep metaphysical connotations. PLATOON won the 1986 Oscar for Best Picture, Stone won the Best Director Oscar, and also received a nomination for Best Original Screenplay. I was surprised and found that I enjoyed PLATOON, though there were several parts of the film that I found myself aghast. I've never been in battle myself, but I do know that war is hell. Nevertheless, I cannot bring myself to agree with the film's negative worldview and ultimately the loss of one's soul to evil. Despite this, there are many positive things within the movie. This is a movie that any film buff should see and people who enjoy war movies might enjoy it as well (though they might prefer something more hopeful such as SAVING PRIVATER RYAN or WE WERE SOLDIERS) 
"The Hospital" as well-crafted as it is is a wholly unpleasant viewing experience. It is not so much a dark comedy but a mean-spirited one. I was a fan of Paddy Chayefsky's "Network" and at least that film had a little bit of light to compensate for the darkness. I'm led to believe that Chayefsky must have had a bad experience with the medical profession and this resulted in him skewering it as a whole. If George C.Scott's character is supposed to be the voice of reason why is it that when he's not brooding, drinking, or contemplating suicide he's off on some rant? Diana Rigg is completely wasted in this film. Her whole purpose here seems to be to sport a short mini-skirt and be ravaged by Scott's character. The film is also not helped by the lead-footed direction of Arthur Hiller. The medical profession can be lampooned but don't look for it in this uneven tirade of a film 
It's amazing how Hollywood and the publishing industry have bent their knees to Secession mythology, from Birth of a Nation to the present example of melodramatic falsification. This is a very dull, shapeless, stilted movie. I wouldn't bother to denounce it on artistic grounds, but since it is above all a piece of propaganda, I'm compelled to condemn it as history. What it presents is the "War between the States" version of the Civil War, in which the gallant Southerners defend their homes,their beloved hills and dales, their cultured lives from the inexplicable invasion of the rude hordes of the North. There are only two Black characters, both sentimentally loyal to their Southernness and their masters; otherwise, slavery is beside the point. The generalship of Lee and Jackson, of course, is idolized, while the Northern officers above the rank of colonel are portrayed as fools. The battle scenes are perfectly predictable; guys charge on foot, other guys shoot, the fields are littered with bodies. Wouldn't a little exposition of the logistics of those battle been more interesting? How real is it to show only one train, and that Southern, in a war won more by transportation than by musketry? If you are a believer in the myth of the Lost Cause and the justice of Secession, if you have ever cottoned to the notion that the War wasn't really about slavery, then I challenge you honor! I defy you to read just one heavy, scholarly book, Arguing About Slavery by William Lee Miller, a professor at the University of Virginia. It retells the debates that occurred in the House of Representatives, over slavery, in the 1830s, twenty-five years before the election of Lincoln. The uncompromising sectional hatred expressed in those debates will surely convince you that the Civil War had deeper roots than you thought, and that slavery Was indeed the central issue for both sides, Blue and Grey 
This movie still rocks after all these years since it first came out. An excellent and energetic movie from the start. Plot is cutesy. It serves as a vehicle for the wonderful selection of songs and dance sequences. However, I think this version of the movie is missing a few scenes? I would rate this movie version with 5 stars had it been unedited to me. If memory serves me, didn't Alex receive a letter from her friend, Hannah, when Alex discovered Hannah passed away? Isn't there a reconnection at the end between Mickey and Alex's (girl)friend whom the latter was dating? Wasn't there more of a story build-up between Alex and her boss? If this version is cut in anyway, I prefer getting the complete and unedited version. I find this version incomplete somehow. But Jennifer Beals looks terrific and one wonders why she didn't star in more movies for her generation 
This is one of the best sci fi films from the 70's--not to be missed 
I do not understand what the hype about this dvd is. I baught it according to [] reviews, but unfortunatly, was very dissapointed. I def felt a burn in my upper abs, but you are laying on your back THE ENTIRE TIME. There is no changing positions and targeting the abs from diferent angles. To me, it was basically crunch after crunch after crunch. Would not recommend it unless you want buldge in your upper abs 
This movie will make you laugh, cry, and think. It's definitely a good date movie. Bring a box of kleenex though 
I WOULD LOVE TO SEE THE CAST OF THIS MOVIE DRESSED UP AS HOT DOGS AND THROWN INTO A CAGE WITH STAR JONES AND MARV ALBERT. (... 
Wonderful to find in the sale just as my tape was wearing out.Delightful movie,well acted by all but especially wonderful performance by Bridges as the human/alien hybrid.A superb print too.Thanks Amazon - you did it again 
I owned this movie in full screen on VHS. The quality of the transfer of "Apollo 13" with the wide screen and the incredible clearity 0f HD that was never possible before, makes this movie a true cinematic experience. One of Tom Hanks' best movies!. Since we're revewing here the HD version, I own a new Samsung 61" HDTV and the Toshiba HD-A1 ($399 from Amazon). An incredible improvement over my 1998 60" Standard Sony TV. If you have the right setup, it is the true home theater dream that we all hoped for since the dawn of home video back in the late 70's or early 80's. Be sure you use the HDMI cable or at least component connection. The audio track is also Great! With the right Dolby Digital/Plus 5.1 receiver/Speaker/Placement. Also, lots of Extras on the NTSC US version, including interviews with Hanks and some of the real astronauts 
I did not see John Carpenter's original version of "Assault on Precinct 13," but that did matter to my enjoyment of the 2005 remake. I was paying attention so I knew what the set up was, both inside and out of the precinct, as we went along. But being ahead of the characters on this one does not do you much good because there are ample twists in James DeMonaco's script (I made the mistake of announcing right before the first assault the two characters I was sure would survive all the bullets and I was half-right, which is a polite way of saying I was half-wrong). It is New Year's Eve in Jean-Francois Richet's film and it has started to snow heavily. Precinct 13 officially closes at the stroke of midnight and filling up the last boxes are Sergeant Jake Roenick (Ethan Hawke), who has been hiding behind a desk ever since an undercover gig went horribly bad and he was wounded while his two partners were killed, grizzled veteran Jasper O'Shea (Brian Dennehy) who is always talking about retirement, and secretary Iris Ferry (Drea de Matteo) who is always talking about sex with bad boys. Jake would rather talk about sex than his feelings about what happened before with Alex Sabian (Mario Bello), the department shrink who happens to stop by on a snowy New Year's Eve to take another crack at Jake's psyche. Then a Detroit police transport bus shows up with a quartet of prisoners, unable to get to the prison because of the storm and a highway accident. There is Beck (John Leguizamo), who will not shut up, Anna (Alisha Hinds) a girl with a crew-cut who proclaims her innocence, Smiley (Ja Rule), a counterfeiter, and Marion Bishop (Laurence Fishburne), the most notorious criminal in the city, who has just been arrested for murdering an undercover cop under suspicious circumstances. So when a couple of guys with guns break into the precinct and everybody is yelling these are Bishop's men coming to get get, we do not buy it. After all, as soon as Bishop saw them he hid behind a wall. Things are just beginning to get interesting. "Assault on Precinct 13" is an action film where the human element is really more interesting once Jake figures out that to survive the night he needs everybody to help out, which means not only the prisoners but the women. Everybody gets a gun in this one, but you know full well that not everybody can be trusted with one. Furthermore, Jake is fully aware that Bishop is the smartest and deadliest person there, but this movie is all about making the best of a bad situation that keeps getting worse. The death of one character really puts the way this is going to play out into question, and I liked the note on which the film actually ends once we finally get down to the inevitable confrontation between the two main characters. Not great, but certainly an enjoyable action picture with a minimum amount of stupidity on the part of the characters once you accept the idea the die is cast and it is all or nothing for the bad guys. That is a pretty good recommendation for this genre 
Since I've already reviewed and bought both of these as separate items, I'm not gonna repeat anything about each show (see individual reviews for that). I will just rehash what I have all along. Despite its missing pieces from the book, the Original is still 5 star material. The "in betweener" is only worth it's value because it is a disc copy (as opposed to a tape copy). My advice, buy the Original separately, and read the book to get the "real missing years". If you are building a library of "ALL Richard Chamberlain", then buy both or this combo. But be prepared to be disappointed in what the alleged "Missing Years" has to offer (again see separate review) 
This movie is obviously not for everyone. It's not a comedy that you just put in and sit back and be shut down the old cranium for the two plus hour's. Nope, instead you get the muscle a-cranking. Huckabees requires you to really pay attention and think and take everything in. This film explores several questions mainly dealing with the connection between one person and to the heart, soul, and body of every other thing in existence in an ever-changing world. This film is a big orgy of questioning. And who doesn't like questioning? This film, in its own right, is very original and thought provoking that goes above and beyond any form of typicality of films. "Huckabees" offers us an impressive cast with Dustin Hoffman, Lily Tomlin, Jason Schwartzman, Jude Law, Mark Wahlberg, Isabelle Huppert (one of my favorite international actress's) and Naomi Watts. Most notable performances by, namely, Dustin Hoffman as it's nice to see him in an exceptional role. He hasn't really been given a great script and chance to portray a great character since probably 1997's "Wag the Dog." It's very nice to see Hoffman play a great character, as Bernard, the quirky husband half of the existential detectives. Also, most notable is the performance of Mark Wahlberg, as Tommy Corn, another client of the detectives that befriends Albert. Tommy is a fire fighter who has his own environmental concerns as he refuses to ride on the fire truck and rather, rides a bike to the fire saying, "We'd all be heroes if we stopped using petroleum." Mark Wahlberg is hilarious in this movie and has his best performance since probably "Boogie Nights" and "Three Kings." However, this movie is much more of an ensemble performance than anything else. The ensemble's performance in this film is terrific and the chemistry between each character is flawless. The most credit to this movie goes to writer/director David O. Russell. Russell has obviously something going on up there in the cabeza to extract such a story. But the story is amazingly written. The script is out of the ordinary yet genius and comes out as one of the most intelligent films out there and hilarious at that. 
The Forgotten starring Julianne Moore and Domnic West is a slow, tepid, and hard to grasp film. The previews for this film were better than the actual movie, I guess that's a bad sign that the movie isn't going to be great (I'll try and remember that next time). The only reason I am giving The Fogotten 2 stars is the scene with Alfe Woodward, you'll know what I mean when it happens, the scence is scary and comes out of nowhere, very intrguing spurprise awaits. Anyways The Forgotten is a movie you should see once and that's it, happy viewing 
20 years ago, there was a terrible accident in the mine on Valentine's Day. The following year one of the miners, Harry Warden, takes a terrible revange on those responsible for the accident. Since that day, there is no celebration of Valentine's Day in the little town Valentine's Buff. Until now (that is 1981). But Harry Warden seems to have returned to stop the celebration. The music as music is quite good, but it doesn't lead the film in any direction, so it's not helping. The story is recycled, which is good, but could have been much more minimalistic. Why not just have the party and let the miner kill the kids? And trying to put a twist to the story by "explaining" things is seldom very helpful. The murderar places human hearts in Valentine boxes which is distasteful but not really scary. A variation on the holiday theme, that could have been a bit more focused. 
I remember LOVING this movie and all of its silliness. I recently made it a nostalgia purchase and realized-it isn't that great. but my 6 year old LOVED it and continues to watch it all the time. My child is now a Weird Al Fanatic...and I am ok woth that 
This is a great film that preceded the onset of the "JLo." "Out of Sight" is a great showcase for Jennifer Lopez's talent as an actress. It is a shame that she hasn't been presented with more great roles, like that of Karen Sisco, in this film. Karen is a D.A, who carries a rifle and a jaded attitude. She has a chance encounter with charming, compulsive bank robber Jack Foley (George Clooney). Their encounter is made especially intriguing because it takes place following his would-be kidnapping of Sisco in her OWN car. It is no surprise that sparks fly.....however, this doesn't downplay the complexities of their star-crossed encounter. Some of the greatest strong points of this film include the juxtaposition of flashbacks, incorporating trick camera work and voice overs. What's more, this film was shot in a very bare bones style. We don't get a sense of romance, so much as a feeling of stark reality. The colors are dark, the dialogue between the characters is honest, real and simply wonderful. This film has a potential for mass appeal, due to the fact that, though it does get gritty and violent, that doesn't downplay its intelligence or originality. Violence is counterbalanced by genuinely funny scenes, as well as more introspective glimpses at how the characters turned out as they did. This is definitely a great date film!! 
This DVD is hilarious.. Ultimate Warrior was a pretty cool character but legally changing his name to the Warrior... That is downright weird. christain is too funny in his impressionation 
This line, spoken by Julie Christie to Dirk Bogarde in "Darling" just about sums up my feelings towards this movie. Although I am halfway done with this movie I think this is one of the most boring films I have ever seen and I am stopping this movie when it gets to the scene where Christie looks at herself in the mirror as she removes her clothing. I am done with this movie (believe it or not) and it only got worse: Christie's character Diana Scott marries an Italian man who hello, is old enough to be father! And oh yes, he's an aging prince (in what had to be a ripoff of what happened to Grace Kelly and what would happen to Jacqueline Kennedy and the announcer in the newsreel that calls her "Princess Diana" almost made me laugh). That nearly made me grab a gun and shoot my TV (a la Elvis Presley) considering that this is the same setup that occurs in "Georgy Girl" and that is spoiled British girl living in Swinging England marries older man (Three words: Anna Nicole Smith). Also, I would like to know what are these reviewers smoking in saying that Christie deserved the Oscar for Best Actress? She didn't at all because it should (and I mean SHOULD) of gone to Julie Andrews for "The Sound of Music" (my pick for the best movie of the 1960's) because not only did she overtake her performance of "Mary Poppins," for which she won the Oscar, she pulverized every performance by a female that year including Christie. And there's a problem with the Academy: They can't seem to pull the trigger in giving back-to-back Oscars to the same person. I'm not alone in this arugment: In Danny Perry's book "Alternate Oscars" he picks Andrews for Best Actress of 1965 and states that the reason why the AMPAS gave the Oscar to Christie was not because it was 'The British Invasion,' but they saw it as a way to give an Oscar to Christie's other film "Doctor Zhivago" which was T.S.O.M.'s rival and added to the fact that "Zhivago" had no acting nominations. There's another Oscar problem: They don't know when to be hip. Also, does it seem like Dirk Bogarde and Lawrence Harvey were the two worst actors in film history? Because it seems to me that every movie that I have seen with them are bad; weather it was this movie, or "The Manchurian Candidate" with Harvey, or "Modesty Blaise" with Bogarde. In conclusion, I think some moviegoers should change their mind about buying this movie because this has to be the worst performance ever to win an Oscar. Or as what Bogarde said to Christie: (a fitting way to close this review since that I end where it begins) "I don't take taxis that are filled with whores! 
When you talk about the one motion picture that fully encapsulated all the angst and nihilism of the `70's generation you're talking about Paddy Chayefsky's brilliantly written black comedy, `The Hospital' which was released in `70. A contemporary, dysfunctional, urban hospital serves as the microcosm of America's failure to deal with not only the physical maladies of the twentieth century, but the mental and emotional illnesses as well. George C. Scott stars in the role of Dr. Herbert Bock, hospital administrator. Dr. Bock is already tittering on the edge of insanity. His wife has left him, he's estranged from his children and he's in the grips of a mid-life crisis causing him to call everything he once held dear into question. When a bizarre series of unexplained deaths begin to occur within the ranks of the hospital staff Dr. Bock is left to ponder the nature of sanity and whether he can continue to function in a world gone mad. With great performances by George C. Scott and the lovely Brit Diana Rigg, `The Hospital' is a thought-provoking film that will elicit discussion and debate. Watch it with a friend 
Unfocused, repetitive, and worst of all - boring! What should have been a slam dunk documentary about one of the worst blights on the modern age of politics instead turns out to be a damn shame. Ronnie Earle, the district attorney at the center of the film, says, "This isn't about Democrats and Republicans, this is about cops and robbers." If only the makers of this film could have been so concise at some point in the first reel or two of their documentary as to what it is they were trying to say. Instead, from the start, The Big Buy feels like a film you've walked into thirty minutes late. Following the theme stated by Earle of cops and robbers, The Big Buy is supposed to have a film noir aesthetic, but the intended use of light and shadow is so intermittent you likely won't notice. Somewhere in this mess is a good film and a better story, to bad it's not being told here. 
I'm not sure why Sony, which now owns I Dream of Jeannie, decided to colorize the first season of this series. Whatever the reason, you can readily tell by looking at the prices here on Amazon.com that the original black-and-white version of the first season is worth a lot more. The reason for that is simple--I Dream of Jeannie was originally broadcast in black-and-white. And for a television fan like myself, that's the ONLY way to watch the first season. The episodes themselves are just as I remember seeing them. Since I wasn't around in 1965, I'm pretty sure I've never seen these without the cuts that have been referenced here. But to me, they're still pretty good. The theme music, in my opinion, is every bit as good as the second theme, introduced when Jeannie went to color in 1966. The one thing that truly will drive the purists nuts is the fact that Sony stripped off the old Screen Gems animation from the end of every episode. That logo was attached to so many classic shows from the 1960s and 1970s, and it is consistenly rated, along with Viacom's old blue V of Doom, as the scariest logo in the history of television. The new Sony outro doesn't pack the same punch. Still, if you liked Jeannie way back when, you'll love it now, especially since you can watch it anytime you like, without commercial interruption 
I do not like the format of the DVD at all. I had taken several Pilates classes before buying this DVD, but I found it difficult to remember exactly what to do in each pose since all of the instruction is at the end. Much of Pilates is in the finer points like breathing correctly and making sure to squeeze at the right times, so with no reminder of what I should be doing in each pose I felt like I was being cheated out of a workout. I don't think that having no interruption is worth sacrificing form, so this DVD will be stored away while I learn the specifics of Pilates elsewhere 
`Ben-Hur' released in '59 is an inspirational tale of betrayal and revenge, love and endurance, forgiveness and redemption played out amidst the backdrop of the last years of Jesus Christ's earthly ministry. Plot: Judah Ben-Hur (Charleton Heston), a wealthy Jew living in the Holy Land is falsely accused of crimes against Rome and sent off to spend the rest of his days as a slave on a Roman galley. His estate is confiscated, his Mother and sister thrown into prison. His accuser is a Roman officer named Messala (Stephen Boyd), Judah's best friend since childhood. Judah survives the hardships of slavery, gains his freedom and eventually becomes the adopted son of a powerful and wealthy Roman Reagent. Providence certainly appears to be guiding Judah's path. However Judah's heart is filled with hate for Messala. He cannot forgive or forget what he and Rome has done to him and his family. He returns home in an attempt to restore what he has unjustly lost and avenge himself against his old friend. Winner of 11 Academy Awards 'Ben-Hur' is truly an epic among epics. The massive backgrounds and sets will take your breath away, but the true beauty and strength of this film is found in the story it tells and the incredible cast that brings this story to life. The most memorable scenes in `Ben-Hur' are the intimate moments, the quiet conversations, the longing glances. My personal favorite moment is when Judah finds himself falling hopelessly in love with Esther (Haya Haraeet) one of his house slaves. While granting her freedom so she may be free to leave his service and marry, he places her slave ring on his own finger as a symbol of his undying love for her. If you don't have a copy of Ben-Hur in your DVD library, you don't have a DVD library 
I enjoyed Ice Age, and this movie is good as well. Thankfully, all of the cast from the original Ice Age returned, and the comedy as well. And, besides the characters, the story is another original idea, and a great stand alone movie by itself, and thankfully not a rehasing of an old one. The Ice Age is coming to an end, and Our gang rallies the inhabitants of the valley to go on a trek for Higher ground before their Valley gets flooded. Manny, along the way, begins to question his own mortality and the fact that He is "the last mammoth"...or is he. Well, that what everybody thinks, until they run across a family of opossums. Don't see how Opossums and Mammoths tie together, just watch the movie. Queen Latifah was a good addition to the cast. Great film, one for the collection 
On hearing that Warner Bros was to issue a set of Busby berkeley films, I ensured my DVD player was rendered region-free and then I waited. It was a dream finally come true. Having been entranced by Berkeley's films since childhood I could hardly wait for the box to arrive. Oh joy! The quality of the DVDs is wonderful and the added extras are very generous indeed, if some of these extras are not to one's taste, then fair enough, but the vintage material is absolutely fascinating and cleaned up to match the quality of the main feature. It is a shame that the Al Jolson number was removed from the compilation disc because it was not intended to be racially offensive when it was produced, but today's political correctness lobby inevitably takes its toll. That said, we are left with a plethora of magnificence from Busby Berkeley which gladdens the heart and which left me euphoric because the quality of the release exceeded my expectations. Thank you Warner Bros for the TLC you have lavished on this set, and you, dear reader, if you have not experienced the work of this great director before, I urge you please, please consider buying it - I can guarantee you will not be disappointed. This was Hollywood's Golden Age, so now you have the chance to experience it, PLEASE don't miss out 
Just behind WINGS OF DESIRE is Federico's masterpiece. A true ICON. 8 1/2 not only resounds with my Italian Catholic upbringing as it displays in obvious detail the time-wasting progression of guilt and shame; it commands me to again possess the mantra quoted from WALL STREET: "To be rich enough not to waste time". 
..........so I do consider myself somewhat of an expert in the clinical arena. I have watched them all, Marcus Welby right on through ER. Scrubs is the most realistic, albiet tongue-in-cheek representation of our professions. You cannot take everything seriously, but, if you believe an emergency room can function like ER 24/7 and still have people standing, you're out of touch w/ reality as well 
Waiting was a pleasant surprise. It's certainly filled with crude humor, but it manages to be funny anyhow. My first job was in a restaurant much like Shenaniganz and perhaps that's why I found the movie so worth watching. The game the employees play is over the top, but a lot of the rest of the stuff portrayed goes on. If you're a rude anus of a customer, don't think for a second that the wait staff and cooks won't mess with your food - they will. It pays to be polite and tip well, especially if you are a regular. Chi McBride's character as the dishwasher who also dispenses free psychological advice was great, and I thought Luis Guzman did a great job as Raddimus. All in all, based on personal experience, the movie wasn't that far off of what really does happen behind the scenes in a typical Golden Corral or Ryan's Steak House. Sure, the characters are over the top, but they are based on people just like some I've known. If you're offended by frontal male and female nudity or crass sex jokes you won't want to see this movie 
This is a warm-hearted, sweet story based on the Cinderella fairy tale. Only we have Sam, a young girl who works at a diner once owned by her father and taken over by her wicked stepmother when he dies in an earthquake. Sam carries on a secret email/chat romance with the most popular boy in her high school, but she doesn't know the identity of her Prince Charming. Jennifer Coolidge was a scream as the Botoxed, cosmetically enhanced, tackily dressed wicked stepmother. She was hilarious in "Legally Blonde", but really goes all out for this role. Quite a scene stealer was Madeline Zima as one of the two wicked stepsisters. Hilary Duff is her usual adorable, perky blonde self and is a delight to watch. One of the funniest moments for me was at the diner that was redecorated into a pepto-bismol fifties motif by the stepmother. The poor waitresses were all required to wear pink cashmere sweaters, pearls, a poodle skirt with petticoats and roller skates. If that isn't hard enough, the waitresses had to spin as they served people or picked up orders. I love when funny bits like this are slipped into movies. One can just see Jennifer Coolidge's wicked stepmother character instructing these poor waitresses on how to twirl as they served customers. This is a GREAT family film. Although I don't have children yet, I enjoy this film as a break from all the intense films aimed at adults. It is light-hearted fluff, but very enjoyable, like a cup of hot chocolate. Included on the DVD is Hallie's and Hilary's music video of "Our Lips Are Sealed" and a bunch of other special features as well. 
that is really what a.b.c. said when they took this,the funniest show ever on t.v.,off the air in less than six shows. my friends in high school and i watchedcthis show every time it came on. it was a parrody of all the cop shows from the 60's and 70's and was falling down funny. later the group who gave us airplane would retool their baby into the "naked gun" movies and make a mint at the boxoffice. each show could be watched many times just to catch the jokes you missed. i'm so happy that they have all six shows on dvd now,and i can get rid of the old cut up copy that i had on vhs. and remember "smoke", "yes i know,but what happened 
For the idiot that wrote that DAY 1 for fifty was in 2003....stay in da south..ur abviously dont know that fifty has been on the seen since 98 u idoit. ur a fake rap fan and u should know ya history instead of talking on curtis jackson....2003..what a douche bag........... 
Francisco was right, this film is about as well-conceived as buttcrust. The review on the back of the dvd says "jaw dropping, " but the full quote probably reads "jaw dropping (because i was lulled to sleep like a baby)". There is about 30 seconds of truly jaw dropping footage, in the zombie attack scenes, but these scenes only account for maybe 5 minutes of the movie. The rest of this film consists of the ear-bleeding whines and yawn-inducing infighting of the human characters, ill-conceived and extremely unlikable caricatures of a pseudo-cynical and extremely redundant "evil side of human nature" message that would be better left to Jean Renoir (or even Adam Sandler considering the results here). I don't watch zombie movies for the characters, especially characters so vapid and unengaging. It seemed like the script writer read a novice's How To pamphlet and said "yeah, it needs some CONFLICT". If these characters weren't so constipated and bloated I'd give them a chance. One Amazon reviewer tries to justify all of the one-dimensional absurdity by crowning it with the weighty title of "social commentary," but that's just a mindless knee-jerk observation that fails to ascertain whether it was carried out sucessfully. It wasn't. You'd get more insight watching a kid frying ants with a magnifying glass. The critical ambitions of this movie are ill-fitting and embarassing, and ultimately just plain disappointing since they allot almost no time to showcase the director's real talent, which is (you guessed it) the lovely undead. The rest is monotonous dreck. I don't know why horror directors have so much insecurity about the worth of their strengths that they feel they need to shroud them in a poor man's dramatic rags. All that aside, the ending is the worst anticlimatic cop-out in the history of horror movies. A horror movie that sucks for 3/4 of its duration needs a cool climax to redeem itself, but the cut-away at the end makes you wanna kick the director in the gonads. Sorry, but anyone who calls this a classic is a friggin soundbite-repeating moron. 
If you can get through David's boot camp video with moderate effort, this video may be a bit too easy for you. That said, this is an excellent workout for a beginning or intermmediate exerciser. David does a great job of breaking the exercises down and offering comments to help you maintain good form. He is very encouraging throughout. The workout progresses from easy to more difficult and can be made tougher by increasing the amount of weight used (two dumbbells needed). There are a few innovative moves thrown in as well. Since the difficulty level of any workout video is relative, I'll give a quick background of myself - I run 4-5 times a week, for a total of 40+ miles/week. I also lift weights 2-3 times a week, incorporating plyometrics and compound movements. I've personally found David's boot camp video to be just the right amount of intensity when using 5-lb dumbbells and think this one-on-one video is great for days I have less energy. Regardless of fitness level, you are sure to enjoy this workout. If you need to make it more intense, use heavier weights. The biggest thing to remember about David's style (in my opinion) is to really *focus* on every repetition, *focus* on the muscle being worked, and *focus* on isometrics (contracting the muscle without movement - eg. pushing against a brick wall is isometric). Hope this helps 
I didn't have high expectations for this movie, but it surprised and pleased me enough to watch it 3 times. I've always like Tom Cruise and he doesn't disappoint in this movie. But the real star is Ken Watanabe as the Samurai leader-what perfect casting! And Koyuki as the Samurai widow was just plain gorgeous. The HD DVD transfer made an already beautiful movie that much better. Highly recommended 
{My review of THE VILLAGE mentions THE SIXTH SENSE more than it does THE VILLAGE, so here it is.} I don't really want to talk a lot about this movie because I could spoil the effect. Instead, I'll talk about this filmmaker's first movie. THE SIXTH SENSE, also by M. Night Shyamalan. I first saw it in December 1999, on a 20-hour flight from Chicago to Hong Kong. My only flight out of the USA. The film really pulled me in, which I suspect is particularly difficult on an airplane. Then, the ending. Based on the article you just read, we can say that some viewers weren't surprised. Me, I was blown the heck away and wanted to see it again. Years later I finally did. I taught movie classes, this is a film I chose, and I saw it about a dozen times, fully aware of the ending. It had a bit more going for it than that. My only complaint is with people who think Bruce Willis was the star. The star is Haley Joel Osment! I may have missed out on "the surprise ending" because I was watching the kid instead of the shrink. Bruce Willis could probably star in a few more movies after he died and we'd never notice. But I digress. THE VILLAGE is about a pilgrim-style village. Some place quaint, rural, close knit and low tech. Nobody from the village goes into the surrounding woods lest they encounter Those We Do Not Speak Of. The acting was flawless and the scenery most certainly created a mood. Shyamalan is a masterful writer, director and producer. But I had trouble caring about what happened to his characters. That could've been my fault. Saturday morning at 8, Jan was working, and my goal for the day was to pack for our impending move but I was too drained to begin. The neighbor had loaned us this DVD back in February, so I figured watching it and returning it to him was a good start. (The same bad attitude that I brought to THE SIXTH SENSE, right? One of these days I'm going to watch a Shyamalan movie in the right frame of mind.) "The ending." How would you like to be a filmmaker judged solely on "the ending?" In the case of THE VILLAGE, it worked for me. I thought about this film for days after seeing it. Actually, I was trying to decide what to write in this review. How about this? "Shyamalan is a filmmaker of bold originality surviving in a commercialized medium." That's a good thing, no matter what your opinion of each individual film is. I believe some critics are panning him, but I'm not panning this one. I'm glad I saw it. I've missed a few films between THE SIXTH SENSE and THE VILLAGE, and there will be more after THE VILLAGE. I'll watch them all. 
It is nice to see Bebe Neuwirth in something other than Cheers. Oscar (Aaron Stanford) is too sophisticated for girls his age but not for his stepmother (Sigourney Weaver) and Bebe Neuwirth (the seductress). Women are all over him. His stepmom ignores him and chiropractor thinks she finds the romantic she's always dreamed of. The joking innuendos are quite hilarious reminding me of the Graduate. Gary Winnick (the director) shot this movie on a digital camera in two weeks and won raves at the festivals. The little captions before or after a scene kinda tell you how Oscar is working or getting worked over. John Ritter (Dad, apparently serious but funny) and the whole cast gives strong performances certainly earning their street creed. You'll find charming nuggets of truth in this movie, quite a bit of wit, and hilarity. Sure, Oscar is 15 and, rather than opening his eyes to girls, they open his. His daydreams about his stepmom are electrifyingly filmed. As for the morality, I think people are a little paranoid over this taut, striking film. If you are openminded, you'll find this film is more about coming of age than what narrow minded people think. It is a light film to the touch and men will probably be reliving high school fantasies about the older woman. Women will like it because it shows how men are nothing more than putty in their hands. It is just amazing how much depth this film has in 77 minutes! Rachel Alice Hunter Chairwoman Teardropfilms Entertainment Corporatio 
The picture quality is not very good. It's like watching the videos on an old VHS tape taped off of television. I've never seen a DVD in my DVD player look so not digital. The selection is okay, the DVD opens playing a small clip of the Tears for Fears song "Head Over Heels" even though that video isn't on the set--but fear not, two Tears for Fears videos are here. I bought this because I love the Level 42 video for "Something About You," and I figured this was my one shot to get it on DVD. Buy this if you just must have it, the price is a bit much for such a short little collection, this should really be in the $12.99 or less range 
I rediscovered this after a long time. This is a great series.I had never seen this in its entirety and look forward to seeing the third and fourth which I understand is not out yet.Its a gem, love the storyline and costumes.,so authentic looking and of the period,even the dialogue.I wish there were more of this genre 
I loved this play. It provided drama suspense, comedy, inspiration, and great music. Tyler Perry has done it again. Sit Back Relax and enjoy the message 
I wanted to do a grad school paper on something I was interested in researching and I picked Hip-Hop. After working for an underground Hip-Hop magazine, I'd already familiarized myself with a lot of information that I was too young to understand (being born in '81). I visited the University of Hip-Hop in Chicago, interviewed underground artists, and went to breaking shows in the Illinois area. Although I thought I was very familiar with Hip-Hop, after working with this magazine, I realized I knew NOTHING. So when I was given the chance to do my research paper, I knew that I would be able to learn even more than I already knew from working for the magazine. I watched the three parts of "Beef" first and saw an ad for this movie in the Extras section. Honestly, the first thing that caught my eye was how gorgeous Mr. Wiggles was...but then after fully watching the preview, I realized this was the PERFECT movie for me to find out more about breaking. This movie documented the founding members, discussed the four elements of Hip-Hop, gave a lot of background information on Kool Herc and Grandmaster Flash, talked about the different techniques in breaking, the label "breakdancing," the media's dilution of breaking, the first movies that breaking was showcased in, new breaking groups...just a bunch of "firsts." It was a great reference for my paper, I enjoyed watching it, and I could watch it over and over again. I have a lot of respect for the founders because without them, headz wouldn't have this beautiful culture to express ourselves physically, mentally, and verbally 
I thought this was a very good film. Well written filmed cast and acted. Very dark humor. I myself would have used Lawyers Guns and Money by Warren Zevon and Knockin' On Heavens Door, Bob Dylan on the sound track 
sexy, funny, and addictive. I can't wait to buy season 3 
Some juvenile delinquent girl gets in trouble with the cops, she's sent to gymnastics camp (she used to be a sickeningly famous gymnast before she became a worthless slacker). She thinks everything and everyone is really really stupid, she does nothing but argue with everyone all the time, it's all her parents fault of course because she's perfect, her dialogue consists of nothing but smart-aleck remarks that she says in that "oh so cute" way that fans of Lizzie McGuire may find clever...good grief. This is just beyond unwatchable. Even worse is the fact that the lead actress is 24 years old, and yet her and everyone else in the whole movie act like a bunch of narcissistic 12 year olds; It just grates on your nerves until you're about ready to shove the DVD through the paper shredder. 
opened the sealed DVD case and Get Shorty was inside and not the Usual Suspects. I sent it back requesting a replacement and did not get a replacement. I got a credit, I think. Not sure. I would rather just have the correct movie 
This movie is laughable today. It's very dated, and it shows. It's not worth your time. The acting is so-so, but felt forced (like William Shatner style). The storyline is okay. By today's standards, it appears like a low budget flick 
I am confused - Does anyone know who owns this DVD whether this chinese film The Road Home is in FRENCH AUDIO ONLY for this Sony dvd? It's not in Mandarin, Cantonese or any other chinese dialect? The answer will determine whether I buy it or not. 
The script and dialogue are lousy. All this film has to recommend it is a pretty face and occasional scenes depicting flesh. The lady is not very interesting to say the least. Nothing original. This is a cookie-cutter clone of a thousand other French movies about young women trying sex for the first time. Avoid. 
Instructions: rent Steven Seagall's latest action movie knuckle-fest "Exit Wounds". Insert in DVD player; watch first 15 minutes of movie, remove from DVD player. Return to video store. If you follow those instructions to the letter, you'll have fun with "Exit Wounds", which features one of the best opening sequences of any action movie in recent memory (Seagall attempts to thwart a brash, brazen assassination attempt). There's also a great scene---strike that, a Priceless Scene: hipster uber-villain (played convincingly by rapper DMX) and a henchman go on a shopping spree in an exotic car lot (ultimately settling on a Lamborghini Murcielago, paid for in cash out of a golf bag). The scene is dope, def, and cool---it's all GOOD, Dawgz!----,in a New Jack City way. And that's a shame, really: it's so cool it just makes you grind your teeth as you begin, over the course of two hours, to realize that the rest of the movie just can't hold a candle to its opening minutes. An action movie should be exciting; after Seagall foils a neatly organized assassination attempt on the U.S. Vice President (a brilliant little sequence which merits one star on its own, and from which 95% of the trailer material was taken), "Exit Wounds" is not exciting. It's stale. It's rehashed. Honestly, were it not for DMX, the few riffs from the movie's excellent rap soundtrack, and the equipment, I would have thought I was watching an eighties Seagall flick. And that's surprising, given that the movie is helmed by "Romeo Must Die" director Andrzej Bartkowiak, who also did the cinematography for Speed, Lethal Weapon 4, and Devil's Advocate. The plot, what there is of it, deals with police corruption, and features a major twist near the end that takes the punch out of the story and doesn't make any sense---but by that time you've stopped caring. You've seen all of this before---done better. Worst of all, Seagall is just too old to be a credible action hero; he's reached that wheezing, shortness of breath stage that afflicted Roger Moore back in "View to a Kill"---except Seagall doesn't have the acting chops that Moore was able to fall back on. Tom Arnold is thrown in for laughs, but the laughs are so feeble, and the jokes so stale, that you're laughing *at* Arnold and Seagall---not with them. Midway through "Exit Wounds" I was fighting to stay awake, and that's a shame, given that the first 15 minutes of the movie contained more sheer, hectic energy than any movie I've seen since "Face/Off". Rent the DVD for that opener if you dare, but if you stay any longer you'll see it's true: Old Action Heroes never die, they just fade away. JS 
It's so silly how Michael Moore is criticized purely based on what trashy Fox News watchers see on TV. They claim that his works are fictious anti american jabble, when in reality he encourages people to pirate the movie then goes on tour giving speeches full of well researched facts FOR FREE. Clearly, this man is doing it all for the money. If his words are so insincere, why has the president not sued him for slander? And why can't anyone slamming the movie ever make any specific reference? It's always a general statement about michael moore being one explictive or another, and never about something he actually says. Could it be, maybe, that they don't even know why they hate him 
To borrow from a previous reviewer: A movie to kill an evening with if you have one that really needs murdering. 
There isn't one wasted second in this film. Not one!!! You'll be sucked in, and surprised, within the first two minutes, and there's very little dialogue so you need not worry about too much subtitle reading. You can tell there's a lot of influence from American film noir in this film, but "Le Samourai" takes it to a level of perfection. I wish some of the folks that throw their good money towards bad modern action flicks would take the time to watch "Le Samourai" they just might discover a thing or two about how it could really be done. Brilliant 
The film's title "Paragraph 175" refers to the passage in German law forbidding homosexuality. Paragraph 175 was first introduced into law in 1871, and as a result, homosexuals were subject to criminal prosecution and blackmail. Dr. Magnus Hirschfeld, a German Jewish doctor, and a pioneer in the study of Human Sexuality, formed the Scientific-Humanitarian Committee with the goal of repealing Paragraph 175. In Weimar Germany of the 1920s, an enhanced feeling of social and sexual freedom augured well for homosexuals, and Berlin became a "homosexual Eden." But once the Nazis took power, they enforced anti-gays laws with a vengeance. According to historian Klaus Muller, in Nazi Germany 100,000 men were arrested for homosexuality, and approximately 10,000-15,000 were sent to concentration camps. Of that number, less than 10 remained alive at the time the film was made. The film, gently and non-intrusively narrated by Rupert Everett, is built around interviews with a handful of homosexuals who survived the concentration camps. Once the Nazis took power, they moved swiftly and systematically against the homosexual community. Survivors detail how they clung to vain hope--one man, for example believed that with known homosexual, Ernst Rohm controlling the Sturmabteilung (SA) other homosexuals would be safe. Another survivor noted the homosexual clubs remained open after the Nazis came to power, and he took this as a positive sign before he realized that "they let us keep our meeting places, so we could be snatched up." The survivors tell their painful stories. One man looks through a photo album in which most of the photos have now been removed; another looks at a photo of a large family gathering and is able to pick out the faces of the two relatives who survived. One remembers the screams of those hung from poles. One man spent years in Buchenwald--only to be snatched up and thrown in Dachau. While most of the survivors are unable or unwilling to describe their experiences in the concentration camps, the grief, the anger, and the outrage are just below the surface. "Paragraph 175" is an important, gripping, powerful film--those incarcerated, tortured and murdered for their sexual orientation should not be forgotten. The anti-homosexual movement began as a loss of Civil Rights and devolved into one of the most shameful episodes in history. To quote one of the survivors, "I am ashamed for humanity"--displacedhuma 
In this set of episodes, the Battle City is down to the wire. My favorite character, Marik(not Yami Marik) is the center of the events. Most of his character is known in this set. It seemed almost if Yugi was only a side-note for a while. Even though I dislike dub, this was still good enough for me. The scene when Marik talks to his brother for the last time (or so he thinks at that moment) is one of the most beautifully drawn of any anime I've seen. If only the voice actor sounded like Marik's age for once and kept the poignant music. And didn't use the gold stuff when someone's mind is snatched. (And also a shame is that the Ishtars won't appear for many episodes after this with such a simple exit... 
This movie was a weak effort by Capra, who directed it, and the star, Gary Cooper. It's a good story, just poorly directed (Capra can't hit a home run every time). I found the acting very wooden and the movie seemed to just drag on and on. And no extra features on the dvd, at least none to speak of 
I bought this season of Survivor (I never saw this season) but it was very, very good. I'm glad that Jon lost and Sandra won! I was shocked when they let outcasts back into the game. I'm glad that Lill came back. But I was mad that Burton came back! 4 stars 
The voice over sounds like the guy from the hoky motivational videos everyone had to watch in high school. This is an overly-sentimental piece of sh*t. Some, and only some, of the visuals are really incredible (the tow-in scenes)..the rest is a feel-good, surfers-are-awesome waste of time. I love to surf...for my own reasons. It's not because I need to feel like a part of a big "community". For authentic, thought-provoking surf films, check out "thicker than water", "brokedown melody" and "september sessions". Save "step into liquid" for the people who fall all over themselves for the next predictable hollywood offering 
I bought Orson Welles Citizen Kane and liked it so I decided to watch other Welles movies. I bought Mr. Arkadin because the DVD is cheap and rated high on IMDB. I should have buyed Touch of Evil instead. The quality of the picture is laughable, sometimes there are glitches in the sound during scene changes. Judging by the picture and sound quality I would say that they used equipment from the 30's to shoot and edit the movie and that the print used for that transfer was stored in a refrigerator during 45 years. Welles directing work is good but obviously he had to deal with the poor quality of the European movie industry of the 50's. Sometimes the picture shake, during the opening credits the captions are white on a white or gray background so we can't read everything. The editing is very poor, there are too many scene changes. When I bought this DVD I expected to receive the LaserLight version, instead I got a DVD made by Alpha Video. The case cover is different and there is no supplemental material. He was mastered cheaply on a PC with the SpruceUp DVD Maestro software, that seem to create problems, each time I try to play the disc on my computer the FBI warning message appear and then the disc eject. I didn't notice any audio syncing problems however. This movie is the perfect candidate for a remake. I give **** for the story and * for the overall quality of the movie 
Saw the names Kathy Bates, Barry Manilow and Julie Andrews, so had to give it a view. Best film ever. Best lines in a film ever as well, "Julie Andrews is in the cockpit." "Thank god." That alone has enriched my life beyond measure 
A solid series until the end. Even though this season the deaths are not important it centers more on the families. It was sad to see the serise end but it is probably the series finale ever. 
of all the movies i have seen in this catergory this movie was dissapointing to me. poor acting and hard to understand dialoge. would get a refund if you were in australia. but it is too much hassle to poste back overseas. and it could get lost in the mail. debr 
The much-celebrated fourth season of NBC's long-running medical drama, ER, is the recipient of two 1997-1998 Emmy awards, three 1997-1998 Screen Actors Guild awards, and one 1997-1998 Golden Globe award. Fans of the show will be treated to roughly 16 hours chock full of trauma intertwined with personal and professional relationship trials between the doctors, nurses, support staff, and patients. The unrated six-disc set includes 22 episodes, Spanish and French language subtitles, and numerous special features including outpatient outtakes, a "Cutups" gag reel, "Anatomy of an Ambush", and the "Ambush live post-show". Outpatient outtakes allow viewers to watch deleted scenes straight from the cutting room floor, while the "Ambush" special features include analysis and discussion of the live episode as well as the subsequent celebration among the cast and crew. The fourth season is ripe with talented and beautiful actors - some of the most adored cast members in ER history. The primary cast includes returning favorites George Clooney (Dr. Doug Ross), Anthony Edwards (Dr. Mark Greene), Noah Wyle (Dr. John Carter), Julianna Margulies (Nurse Carol Hathaway), Gloria Reuben (P.A. Jeanie Boulet), Eriq LaSalle (Dr. Peter Benton), Laura Innes (Dr. Kerry Weaver), and Maria Bello (Dr. Anna Del Amico). Also returning are Paul McCrane (Dr. Romano), William H. Macy (Dr. Morgenstern), and John Aylward (Dr. Anspaugh). New stars to the ER this season include Alex Kingston (Dr. Corday), Mariska Hargitay (Cynthia Hooper), and Yvette Freeman (Nurse Adams). Recurring and special guest stars include Lisa Nicole Carson, Telma Hopkins, Dan Hedaya, CCH Pounder, Chad Lowe, Jorja Fox, Alan Alda, Harold Perrineau Jr. This season also plays host to intense storylines, and, of course, emergencies. The DVD set begins with the legendary "Ambush" episode-ER's live season opener. Additional ighlights of the season include: Dr. Greene dealing with the aftereffects of his mugging, his estranged family, and his wavering feelings for Hooper; Dr. Ross losing his father, and potentially his fianc and career; Physician Assistant Boulet dealing with HIV and the stigma associated with it; Benton's relationships with his newborn son, his girlfriend Carla, and his budding relationship with Dr. Corday; The negative impact Synergix (an ER management firm) has on the lives of the staff; Carter trying to cope with his drug addicted cousin and personal issues with the remainder of his family; And much more! The fourth season ER DVD is a must have for die hard ER fans, as well as for anyone who just loves a well-written, well-established drama. 
The beginning is very well done, then the only interesting parts are the cat-and-mouse between Jude Law and Ed Harris. The rest of the film is bad, I'd say. Luckily, I recorded it from TV. It is now erased. (By the way, one of the Amazon reviewers who also disliked the film wrote that Bob Hoskins is American. He's from England. 
I love this movie. While the teen movie stereotypes are always apparent in every film, "She's All That" doesn't go overboard and, surprisingly, presents a relatively realistic view of the high school social strata. After Zach, the class president and soccer star, is very publically dumped by his "magically delicious" (and equally popular) girlfriend, Taylor, he's hard put to maintain his legacy. Uber-jock, though a little slow, Zach's friend, Dean, bets him that he can't replace Taylor and make any girl prom queen. Enter Laney Boggs, an art student who cares little about the social scene. Dean picks Laney as Zach's prom queen "project" and Zach has a hard time convincing Laney to even go out with him. Meanwhile, Taylor, the ex, is dating a Real World reject who she met over spring break, but she's still catty over her "discards" and is horrible to Laney, embarassing her at a party. The more time Zach spends with Laney, the more he starts to like her and Laney begins to open up and finds a real outlet in her art. Dean, sensing he might be about to lose the bet, asks Laney to prom before Zach gets around to it and, a recently single Taylor, attaches herself to Zach's arm, assuming he'll take her back. Ultimately, feelings are hurt, battle lines are drawn...and a really cool dance scence takes place at the prom. I love the fresh comedy in the movie that is amusing for teens without being impractical or raunchy. The characters are well-developed and actually evolve in a realistic fashion (even if you are left wondering how nice-guy Zach ever dated self-absorbed Taylor Vaughn). All-in-all, there's really nothing comparable to the teen movies like "Sixteen Candles" or "Pretty In Pink" because those are genres unto themselves, but "She's All That" is definitely a nice representation of a good, modern teen movie 
This is a very enjoyable, laid-back film about the music and spirit of one of our greatest rock musicians. I love Neil Young's music, and I love this film 
Nick Lachey and Jessica Simpson have a few good moments in the Nick and Jessica Variety Hour. But the show looks too '70s in its premise, too Donny and Marie-ish in some parts and Sonny and Cher-in some others. Lachey's performance with Babyface is nice. How come Babyface didn't produce Nick's entire solo album instead of the batch of people Nick went to that caused Soul-O to flop? He would have given him some smooth stuff to sing to. But having Mr. T and Johnny Bench and Kenny Rogers makes the show look, sadly, too 1983-ish. How come they couldn't get somebody current to perform on it, say Maroon 5 or Kanye West, who were both hot last April? They wanted to bring back the variety show format, but it's very hard to do it in an Internet age. And Jessica isn't all that good on this show. I'd rather hear her music and albums instead. They need to bring new things to the format if they're going to make another show. For now, Lachey and Simpson would be better off doing their solo albums than wasteful junk like this! 
You will be laughing one minute, crying the next, then holding your breath to see what will happen next. It's a great all around movie, good for the whole family 
He highlights the concepts very well, for example the chapter on ball striking, i never knew this concept in 2 years of playing golf. Must watch, this DVD is made of several small chapters that have meaningful titles, therefore on the second viewing u can jump to the chapter that requires repeat viewing 
The reason the original "Iron Chef" was such an awesome show was entirely due to the bad translation and over the top voice acting. Therefore, without these elements, it becomes a pathetic charade of the original program. I was, at one time, a hardcore cult fan of "Iron Chef" because of the hilarious voice overs and true, foreign zest of Chairman Kaga and the gang. I really didn't care much for the cooking or whatever food was being prepared. The real heart of the show was the voiceovers and the mad, zesty zeal with which the Japanese chefs went over something as inane as cooking. I loved "Iron Chef" in much the same way as I loved the original "Mystery Science Theater 3000." They were both quirky tv cult shows that gave a certain sense of community among their hardcore fans. This new show really doesn't cut it in any way, shape, or form. I'm not being unpatriotic or anything, I'm just saying why this new show is so weak. Also, I noticed that once the translators of the original show started figuring out the show was a huge hit, they ruined their own voiceacting by being all self concious. The original few seasons of the first "Iron Chef" are where it's at! Once again, I don't watch this show for the cooking, I watch it for the odd, bizarre translations and cheesy voiceacting 
I unfortunately bought 4 of the ramtha dvds at the same time.. this was the best of them.. the others were pure wastes of money. While this one didnt answer many questions and ramtha takes forever to make a point. if you've seen "what the bleep" dont waste your time or money on these ramtha dvds. 
This terrible movie has singing! Bad singing, and lots of it! Overacted, trite, and BORING! All those good reviews, I thought it would be campy and cool, but it's NOT! 
Strengths: Soundtrack by Christopher Franke, performance by Andreas Katsulas in 1st half. Interesting idea of weapons system. Weaknesses: Plot was mostly stupid. Tragic underutilization of G'Kar as a character in the second half. Unconvincing sense of scale for the Leanndra (Why call for "a healer"? How many healers are on board this tiny ship?). Felt more like a pilot for a new series than a standalone movie 
of course i enjoy this movie, i ordered it after so many years of searching for it... i love salsa music and the dancing.. 
This dvd shows Shania's potential as a serious musician. With Alison Krauss and Union Station as her back up here, she is simply riveting. Too bad she is more interested in making a quick buck these days marketing herself as a pop star and making purely pop albums like "Up!" instead of making enduring popular country classics like "The Woman In Me" and "Come On Over". Maybe she's living too well nowadays to make soulful music. Get this dvd if you want to hear Shania doing something good. 4 Stars is for the short length of this dvd. We need at least 2 hours of this awesome music. Not the 50 minutes which is on this dvd. That's only enough time to drink 5 beers 
"Greetings" is an offbeat satire from a very young Brian De Palma starring an equally young Robert De Niro. The vignettes focus on three friends. First there is Jon Rubin (De Niro), an aspiring filmmaker who has the idea of creating "peep art." This would consist of filming "private moments," and then letting people view them through tiny windows, thereby re-creating the Peeping Tom experience (more of this in De Palma's much better 1970 film, "Hi, Mom!"). However, if you are expecting to see an amazing performance by one of the great actors of his generation in an early film, you are going to be disappointed. De Niro comes off as overly mannered and a bit forced in his performance, especially in comparison to his two co-stars. His best moment is off-screen as he talks a woman through going to bed for his peep art (she repeatedly forgets not to talk). But he is a lot better two years later and had a decent career, at least until he started making credit card commercials. First there is Lloyd Clay (Gerrit Graham), a conspiracy nut so obsessed with the JFK assassination that a half-naked woman sleeping in his bed is just another opportunity to show that the paths indicated by the bullet holes do not match up (unless JFK was shot while standing on his head). Lloyd shares his deep, dark thoughts directly with the viewing audience as he argues vigorously to convince us he is right. But sometimes he finds people in the real world to assault with his blow-ups from the Zapruder film that reduce the assassination to a Rorschach test. Finally, we have Paul Gerald Shaw (Jonathan Warden), who would like to find the right girl. His problem is that he has his induction physical and going to Vietnam will really hurt his love life. Fortunately, Lloyd and Jon are fully of ideas as to how Paul can get the army to reject him, everything from pretending to be gay and coming on to the sergeant (Lloyd's idea) to volunteering to shoot not only the Vietcong but also any American troops of color (Jon's brainstorm). There is no real narrative thread here, which is hardly a criticism because "Greetings" is more of an ancestor of "The Groove Tube," "Saturday Night Live," and "Second City TV" in the history of contemporary sketch comedy with a heavy satirical bent. The difference is that what De Palma and his friends come up with in "Greetings" is more experimental guerilla theater than really polished sketch comedy. But there is something compelling about its enthusiasm, which makes us forgive the filmmaker and his actors when things go on a bit too long. De Palma has admitted to being influenced by Godard and the French "Nouvelle Vague" cinema, which inspired going out on the street and trying to improvise scenes (only they did not have enough film to improvise, so they ended up rehearsing most of the film to save money). But even in this early work, De Palma is clearly into doing everything you can do with a movie camera (inter-titles, split-screen, slow-motion, fast-motion, etc.). "Greetings" is a historical footnote in cinematic history inasmuch as it was the first film in the U.S. to be given an "X" rating (later changed to "R," which is what it would qualify today because of some of the shots of nude women). In terms of social history "Greetings" represents some of the counter-culture politics of the late 1960s. It had been almost thirty years since I first saw "Greetings" and "Hi, Mom!" Back then they constituted part of my first real exposure to radical thought in terms of what was out there on the streets. If you see just one of these films, interested in how De Palma was cutting his teeth as a director before he made his name with "Carrie" and "Dressed to Kill," then "Hi, Mom!" is the choice (the "Black in America/Be Black Baby" bit is the must see segment of that satire). But if you are interested in De Palma's career or counter-culture comedy from the late 1960s, then check them both out 
The shows themselves are wonderful, but the people who put together this DVD set should be ashamed of this paltry effort! There are NO cast or staff interviews about the ending of such a wonderful series. NO commentaries. No English sub-titles. NO John Spencer honorarium of any kind. They didn't even take the time to include the 1 hour re-showing of the original pilot they aired before the finale! The only "extras" are two not-special-at-all special features dealing with the debate. This DVD set is definately NOT worth the money to buy it brand new. 
CITY BY THE SEA is a movie that is propelled by its rich performances, particularly those of Robert DeNiro and Frances McDormand. Both Oscar winners, they infuse their characters with such humanity and imperfection, they make this movie much better than it would have been in other hands. James Franco, although obviously in to his performance, comes across attempting to repeat his Emmy award winning role as James Dean. The mannerisms, the false bravado, the hurt and pinched face, are trademarks of the late Dean, and Franco seems to enjoy using them again. William Forsythe approaches a caricature of his role, but it's still spinetingling enough to make your skin crawl. Anson Mount as the moralistic cop Dave Simond, gives a strong, understated performance, showing that all cops aren't bad. George Dzundza as DeNiro's partner is also good, as is Linda Emon, as his wife in a very touching and sad scene where DeNiro confronts her after Dzunda's death---apparently at the hands of DeNiro's son. The movie is to be commended for giving us characters with flaws, and in understanding the way some relationships never fully materialize or heal. The film has some marvelous cinematography of the old Asbury Park area, and has an ending that while not totally satisfying is real. A good movie 
There have been emblematic films that plainly, justifies its success based on serious denounces that attempt against the environment. But few times, we had had the opportunity to watch with such boldness the ferociousness, constancy and dedication like this one. We should be back to the times if Silkwood or The China syndrome to feel with such powerful intensity the importance about the magnitude of the ethical limits of the industrialization and the preservation of the environmental health; that degenerated in an unpredictable scandal of majuscule proportions On the other hand of the coin, (and I must confess I have never been a special fan of Mrs. Roberts) she displayed by far, the best of her repertoire and gave us a very real portrait that deserved her the Academy Award that year. One more thing: in order to the fairness, I would personally would have stated decreed an equal number of votes with another superb and perhaps never equaled performance: Ellen Burstyn and "Requiem for a dream". And that I keep this statement taking into account that famous double prize between Barbara Streisand and Vanessa Redgrave in 1967, where the difference in what acting concerns was even major. Excellent edition and magisterial direction of Steven Soderbergh. 
This is worth buying just to see: 1. The look on Pete Townsend's face when Billy Idol (as Cousin Kevin) puts his arm around Pete's shoulder. 2. Steve Winwood realizing he doesn't actually know the words to the "listening to you, I get the music..." section of the last song. 3. Roger Daltrey fumbling with a microphone that he'd tossed in the air and unsuccessfully attempted to twirl and catch. 4. Some of the most hilarious haircuts and outfits in the history of rock and roll. 5. The only halfway decent thing Phil Collins (as Uncle Ernie) ever did in his entire career. This 3 DVD package also includes Quadrophenia and the second set from the night that Tommy was recorded. This second set is full of hits and it's definitely worth watching. (You could purchase Tommy and Quadrophenia individually, but you'd miss out on this hits disc.) 
The technical quality of the DVD is excellent. My interest in the movie is the result of seeing a photo on a friend's wall of Charlie Chaplin and an actor. The actor, Hugh Sasson, was the Uncle of my friend's mother. He appears early in the movie as the person who has his pocket picked. The photo is the shot in front of the hot dog stand when the victim sees the tramp paying for a hot dog out of his wallet. We set the photo on the TV and stepped through this scene on the DVD one frame at a time. It gave us all goose bumps as somehow the extreme slow motion made them seem alive in real time. Additionally, the story of the production difficulties found on disk 2 are fascinating 
This is your typical film which replaces reality with fantasy. Something liberals like to impose on others. It flopped because it just doesn't have the ring of reality to it. You can have beautiful scenery, some decent actors (except the Ford-Lincoln-Mercury twit with his quasi-permanent ICE CUBE scowl) and then a really stupid storyline, whallah, you get the fantasy liberal worldview. In the movie the evil guys are an ex-militia leader and his band of neo-feudal toughs. The good guys are "just-wanna-livers" with their leader being a conman who found his destiny. LOL! Dumb, just plain dumb! You realize it is the neo-liberals (no, I'm not pro neo-con either for the record, neo-cons are worse, getting others to do their fighting - cowards they are) who put limits on free speech, have eroded things so bad that I'm afraid a General Bethlehem type guy (minus the lunatic traits obviously) is the only way to fix things. Look to ancient Rome for the answers on this matter. To be brief, the "bad" guys are liberals and neo-cons and the good guys are yet to make themselves known. This movie is right only in that America will split up and probably fall in some capacity. History shows the way, which our current bio-mass masquerading as humans will not understand nor can do anything about it (too busy playing video games and IM each other). One lesson to be learned in the movie is this: might makes right. Here's another: all is fair in love and war. 
The flight into New York had been a long one; but I was gently revived when Kirsten Dunst met me at the airport. She was to be my escort that night at the Lincoln Center where the President would present me the Distinguished Writer's Cross-the highest award this nation can bestow on an author. I quickly slipped my only suitcase in the backseat and sat next to her as she drove her Mercedes S class sedan to the Waldorf Astoria downtown. "I have to admit that I didn't you who you were until I read STARLESS GRASSLANDS. I don't mean to embarrass you; but that book changed my life." I tried to be polite and gracious toward the compliment. For the remainder of the trip we had a nice conversation while I approved the fluid motion of her hands and legs as she maneuvered the controls of the automobile. I very much approved of her legs. As I departed the car, Kirsten leaned toward the open door to catch my eyes. "Don't forget. I'll be by at seven so we can go to the ceremony together. Please be ready." I expressed gratitude for her generosity and promised to be waiting for her seven sharp. The hotel staff greeted me and soon I entered the elevator for a quiet ride to the eighty sixth floor. As I entered the suite, the steward took my request to have my suit blushed, prepared and returned in a few hours. Finally, a bit of peace. I poured a small measure of whiskey into a chilled tumbler and then walked over to the large window looking out over the city below. For a few moments I contemplated the remarks I was to make at this evening's formal ceremonies, then I heard the hushed movement of stocking feet behind me across the room. I turned around and out of the bedroom to my left in walked Sandy Bullock dressed in a black sheer see through cat suit. "Well, Crabby, aren't you glad to see me?" Before I could recover from my surprise another set of feet wisped across the floor from the sitting room on the right. It was Jennifer Aniston dressed in the same black sheet cat suit. "Sweetheart, don't look at her. Come here to me." "Get out!" screamed Sandy. "No, you get out. It's not fair. I left Brad for him so I get him!" The two of them stood in angry silence staring at each other for a tense moment. Then Sandy leapt at Jennifer and instantly they were in a bitter fight hissing and scratching each other. It was a ferocious sight as pulled hair, shrieks of pain, and nylon tearing could be heard. Then almost a quickly as it began, the fighting pair disappeared into the sitting room. Several sharp punches were heard then a definite thump as a body fell to the floor. Sandy marched back into the room victorious. I ran to the door of the sitting room only to see Jennifer laid out on the floor out cold, spread eagle and naked. Before I could think of what to do Sandy tapped me on my shoulder. I turned around and there Sandy stood. A little worse for wear. Trying to catch her breath. Nude with her torn cat suit draped across her feet. "Forget her. She won't bother us now." Sandy brushed the stray hairs out of her face, smiled and stepped out of her nylon costume. She posed standing and anticipating my admiration. "Now I'm all sweaty and warm. I need a shower." Sandy turned her lithe body and walked into the bedroom and into the bathroom beyond. I turned around and wondered what I should do for poor Jennifer still laying unconscious on the floor. Then I heard Sandy calling. "Crabby, why don't you come and help me? You could soap up my......" OOPS!!!! Sorry!!! Err...just a little fantasy of mine. I meant to honestly review this movie but my more realistic nature took over. I swear my pitiful fantasy is actually much better than the story told here. You see, the cover of this DVD displays Ms. Bullock prominently with her name in big font letters. But in truth this movie focuses on Tate Donovan as the main character and only on Ms. Bullock as his unlikely love interest. As much as I "love" Sandra Bullock, I have to admit her filmography has not been kind to her. Her best films have been WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING, WRESTLING ERNEST HEMINGWAY and the much-unappreciated HOPE FLOATS. Unfortunately for each of these gems are several terrible movies like FIRE ON THE AMAZON, HANGMAN, SPEED 2 and this movie. The plot revolves around two "losers in love" who are unappealing both in looks and personality. Donovan comes across a love potion from a gypsy woman (an unrecognizable Anne Bancroft) and soon both Donovan and Bullock have the most desirable members of the opposite sex at their feet. All goes well until others find out their secret and Donovan and Bullock discover that their true love is actually between each other. The story is predictable and unfortunately not very funny or all that sweet. Chances are you can find a copy of this DVD fairly cheap and it is not a bad way to kill some time while you're waiting for your own boyfriend or girlfriend to get off work-or your friends to wake up from their naps-so you can really do something worth wild. 
This is a pure Rip-Off from the cover of Aerosmith's Live Bootleg album from 1978...Where's the shame? Too bad Twilight are not original enough to come up with their own cover. In another words, this DVD is pretty suck and the originality here is nowhere to be found...Especially on the cover art that they stole from a much bigger band. 
SMACK volume 1 represents the streets, music, arts, culture and knowledge of the hip-hop generation. SMACK takes a deeper look into the lives of celebrities in their natural settings through on the spot interviews, from backstage to the studios. Features recording artists 50 Cent, Busta Rhymes, and Eminem dissing Ja Rule in a never before seen interview. Then spend a week in Miami with Cam'ron and the Diplomats, and Pharrell beat boxing with Fam-Lay.Hang with P. Diddy as he hypes a harlem street corner battle and much more 
Okay...when I heard about The Brat Pack Movie and Music Collection I was pretty sure that it was probably just a rehash of The High School Reunion Collection which was released several years ago. Both sets were released by Universal. Fear not, I am here to tell you about the differences. The first thing that is painfully obvious about this set is the choice of movies. Like it's closest cousin The High School Reunion Collection, The Brat Pack Movie and Music Collection includes the exact same movies-"The Breakfast Club," "Sixteen Candles" and Weird Science." The cover art on the DVD's is the same, no new bonus material with each film that I detected. It has been mentioned time and time again that the choice of movies is a bit off. No one even really pegged this acting group "The Brat Pack," until around 1985. Molly Ringwald was one of the best known Brat Pack members and "Sixteen Candles" helped to start the whole Brat pack phenom but no one ever considered "Weird Science" a Brat Pack movie. Trust me, I remember the 80's. It always seemed like it would make more sense to include "St Elmo's Fire" or "Pretty in Pink" in with this set. This is painfully clear with the bonus music disc included. The music CD includes the following songs-"True" by Spandau Ballet, "Tenderness" by General Public, "If You Leave" by OMD, "Weird Science," by Oingo Boingo, "Oh Yeah" by Yello (which was in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", Pretty in Pink by the Psychedelic Furs, "Don't You Forget About Me," by Simple Minds and "I Go Crazy" by Flesh For Lulu. Why include music from "Pretty In Pink" and not include the movie? On to the packaging. The packaging is very unique and makes the set worth owning. I own over 100 TV on DVD and box sets and nothing is like this. The DVD's are held in what is literally a three ring binder and the DVD's are in sleeves instead of jewel cases. On the back page of the binder is a pop quiz. For the most part it is very similar to The Highschool Reunion collection but it's nice to have the bonus CD and the cool packaging. However, it would have been nice if Universal would have given fans who bought the previous set a little more inspiration to purchase this new collection. One must assume they must not own the rights to "Pretty in Pink" (it's listed as a Parmount DVD) because that is easily one of the best known Brat Pack movies and it seems insane that it is not included in a set with the term Brat Pack associated with it. 
I saw this movie in the theater and was amazed at how quiet it was in there! Since I was bored, I found myself looking at other people there to see if I could get a read on what they were thinking, and after it was over I asked my friend what he thought. He said, "Oh, it was okay" but didn't elaborate. So let me: it was painfully unfunny, with jokes or punchlines that fell flat, horrible acting, totally predictable, and very forgetable. This is a movie you might want to rent ONLY if you're really bored and nearly every other movie is out. And even then, you'd be better off to go home empty handed. There's not even much eye candy to recommend, which is a nice fallback if there's nothing else going for it. How people could give this movie anything more than 1 star is puzzling. Just because you like a movie shouldn't mean you give it 5 stars, especially when it's as bad as this one. I mean, I liked Freddy VS Jason, but there's no way I'd give that movie 4 or 5 stars. This is bottom of the barrel 
I Am Sam is superb to the core. Excellent performances across the board, and an emotionally involving story. Sean Penn is believable as someone who is mentally challenged. This is a veritable tour de force for him. But not to be upstaged is Dakota Fanning, who plays opposite of Penn and is named Lucy Diamond after the hit Beatles song. Sean Penn's character has to fight for custody of Lucy, and luckily he retains the services of a good lawyer, played by Michelle Pfeiffer, for free. She helps him as best she can and so do some mentally challenged friends and a caring neighbor. All in all, a very beautiful movie with plenty of heart and goodness. One of my favorites 
I remember taking a minute of my time to watch this dung when it premiered a couple years back, and lets just say I find watching something download more than this. I swear I hate preps the most in this country. Yesterday I was at the mall going to the (Unspecified phone company) lot to cancel my Vonage service (Vonage... Sucks... A-S-S... DO NOT LISTEN TO WHAT THEY SAY ON TV! I can't begin to describe how horrible Vonage is!), but to get there I had to venture through the worst part of the mall. As I carried the phone bill, I crept past the K-Swiss windows without a peep. I then leaped from fake palm tree to fake palm tree infront of the Abercrombie Fitch store, which was infested with teen girls and their sell-out boy friends that think wearing pink is "hot". I then slid down a railing and fell a couple feet short of the Jamba Juice stand. I picked myself up with my remaining strength and threw the smoke bomb I had in my pocket infront me, thus disappearing from the mindless zombies drinking their elixir with the ever-horrendous Down 4 Life playing in the background. Squash 'N' Squeak below me speaks only the truth! Listen to him too! It may be hard for you 3-5 star reviewers to accept the fact but then again you can't handle it anyways. Come to your friggen senses and stop wasting you money on this garbage. It's enough acting like you do already, but then you go and spend money on this litter to watch OTHER PEOPLE act like you do! God Damn 
There is not enough footage on the feud with Macho Man Randy Savage. I prefer to see entire matches and more in depth behind the scenes regarding the whole story. What did the Macho Man think about it? Unfortunately we can never get to hear from Ms Elizabeth. Would these be included in a future Macho Man DVD set? I was always wondering if that was even legal to use a snake to bite another guy, especially in front of a huge live audience including kids. I was totally shocked when I first saw that on TV back in the 80's. Yes, that's hardcore. Deadly scary hardcore! That should not happen in the first place. The story involving Steamboat is well covered. It is a good example of how dangerous certain things can be. It is easy to think of something to do but actually doing it is another thing. There should be a line which should not be crossed. How can a real heavyweight guitar be used by Honky Tonk to hit Jake over the head? Human error? Hm... Nowadays Tripe H is using a hammer to hit others on the head. I guess a guitar is not a big deal by today's standard. Enough is enough. We don't need accidents! They may be an unevitable part of sports, but not part of "entertainment." 
I DON`T LIKE IT A WHOLE LOT,BUT IT`S PRETTY GOOD!I LIKED THE OLDER ELMO MOVIES BETTER THAN THIS ONE 
I have been a casual fan of the radio version of "Prairie Home Companion" for decades, although I seldom listen to more than 30 minutes of it at a time, usually only if I am driving somewhere on a Saturday afternoon when it is being broadcast. I read seven or eight reviews of the movie before getting around to seeing it, and while most critics kind of liked it, there were a few grumbles. However, I thought the film was excellent, and the fantasy sequences which bother some people were needed to cut down on the sweet and nostalgic elements that bring the radio show its steady fans. I liked all the casting, too. Robert Altman is not a favorite director, but when he is good, he is very good, as in "M*A*S*H* and "Nashville." When he is bad, he is terrible. But here, I thought he done good. Same with Garrison K. I trashed his recent novel in an Amazon review, but I liked him in this. 
the movie title itself says a lot, the movie itself is a total scam, fools people to rent or to watch it. a horrible directing, script and performance. you'd better jump off empire state building in the late afternoon if you feel bored than watching this brain-dean bad movie 
First of all, I am a Joy Division and New Order fan; therefore, I tried to like this. Really, I did. Sadly, this film stinks. The focus is not on the bands themselves, but on the obnoxious character known as Tony Wilson. What a monster! Either it was the actor's depiction or he does truly have a horrid personality in real life. Maybe I'm not British, but I did not find 24 Hour Party People to be very funny. Only a few scenes made me grin. The randomness added very little to the overall quality of the film. In addition, the camera work was very jerky. Looked like it was done by a novice (and yes, I'm one myself, having made two movies) The only redeeming aspect has to be the scenes with Joy Division. Too bad the members of this band are minor characters. I can only hope that the biopic of Ian Curtis currently in production will be much, much better 
Not only was the dialogue of the film trite and the plot much like a pornographic after school special, but the movie unfortunately reinforces a worldview which anti-homosexual groups been touting for years--If you're thinking turning your female frienship into a relationship, don't. The lesbian always goes crazy and dies in the end. If you're interested in finding out what I'm talking about, Lisa Duggan explains how this ideology gets transimitted and reinforced in her book Sapphic Slashers. Also, If you're interested in watching a film about first-time lesbian love, please do yourself a favor and check out The Incredible True Story of Two Girls in Love or But, I'm a Cheerleader. Support movies that actually advance queer causes instead of making all of us look like freaks 
Sixth Sense Unbreakable are so much better than Signs, and I'm sorry to say whatever M. Night Shyamalan originally had, he's lost. When Sixth Sense came out, he was tipped as the next big thing, but I'm sorry to say, it's no longer there. In my mind, he cannot match any films up to the success and sheer uniqueness of Sixth Sense. Signs just fails miserably. The concept was a good idea, but the execution was terrible. It reminded me very much of Blair Witch Project, as in what little action there was happens off screen, and the torches as well. It's also definitely not Mel Gibson's best film. Even the actors appear to struggle with the dialogue-heavy script, and not really much happens. Apart from one brief glimpse of an alien. Oooh. Fascinating. The problem I think that Signs has, is that it's already following many other, far superior, alien movies. Aliens attacking the earth has been done, and lots more memorable than this. There's also the overly religious theme, which the film probably would have done better either toning down, or scrapping altogether. It was really just thrown in to try and justify what was happening in the film. The scenes between Gibson and his kids and his brother are way too sentimental and really cringeworthy. The finale doesn't really make the film better. The discovery that the naked aliens find water like acid to their skin is atrocious! Why come to earth, the surface of is mostly covered in water, and the atmosphere is full of water droplets and vapour?! And then they travel millions of light years with far advanced technology - and then can't break into a wooden house?! Are you kidding me? But the most ridiculous thing is not only do the characters not pay attention to the dogs, who sensed something was not right (time to get myself a dog), but the fact that all the sophisticated radar equipment cannot detect the aliens entering our atmosphere - but a BABY MONITOR can?! Huh?! A film to stay well away from. Thankfully, I didn't spend my hard earned (ha!) money on it, but borrowed it from a friend. I shall approach M. Night Shyamalan's films with trepidation from now. Oh, and when a director decides to give himself a speaking role in his own film, make it a SHORT one 
I'm of the opinion that King's books rarely translate well into movies, and this is no exception. Some of King's work is fantastic, but unfortunately, a lot of it is simply tired old themes with nothing new. This falls into the latter category. A novel about a novelist, and one who has a hard time finding inspiration: Please Mr. King, which college creative writing program did you steal this idea from? The writer's ideas showing up in real life: From whence do these fantastic ideas pour forth? I won't bother to tell you the ending, because if you have the poor luck to watch the movie, you'll have already guessed it by the time you're half way through. It's all bad and hackneyed, from start to finish. I will give Steven King credit for putting his fame to good use though. If anyone without Mr. King's fame and built-in fan base tried to sell a story this trite, their manuscript would never make it through the slush pile. Maybe it takes a bunch of bad stories like this to turn out gems like the Gunslinger series, but it doesn't mean that we have to watch them 
This movie was as one of the most disappointing in its genre, far less interesting than Pulp Fiction and even below the level of Reservoir Dogs. It is said that in the violent late Middle Ages street shows were often staged in European cities where fake blood flowed like water, heads fell off and stomachs erupted sausages to simulate intestines during an evisceration delighting the crowd. It seems that in the violent final decade of the twentieth century we had come full circle from Barbara Tuchman's gripping account of the awful fourteenth century. Despite the abundant gore if the film had been better handled it could have been quite good. There are glimpses of its failed potential at different points. For instance the scene towards the end where the prison governor's head is impaled on a broomstick and carried around by the revolting inmates seems to be a direct copy of an actual event at the Bastille during the days of the early French revolution. In sum, as a special kind of disgusting art form it is interesting, as entertainment though Natural Born Killers sucks. I admit some people will like it , no doubt the same crowd who would attend public executions if they were available for viewing 
Where did this guy come from? My daughter rented this Eddie Izzard DVD. I was blind-sided with the sophisticated, mime-style humor of Eddie Izzard (is this his real name? Is he really a "he"?). From hearing about Genesis to wondering why Noah had to get two of everything... including ducks..., Eddie Izzard brought a unique perspective to comedy. Nothing was off limits... the Queen Mother, Death, hopscotch, speed archeology, toasters, and Achilles. It is all here! Take special note of the set... very minimalist. Izzard uses his talents to make you "see" what he is describing, without depending on props. From swords to Hoovers, you will get his meaning. Rated R for mild profanity, and I for irreligious 
I'll make this short and sweet. I used to work in spin. I did advance, which is creating media events for politicians. In other words, for a time I was one of those people that manipulated public thought by the way in which we delivered information. I'll let others speak to the eerie connections to Orwell's foresight. I'll let others write about how effectively the film makers make the case. That which is represented in this piece is true. The observations are astute. The prognosis is grim. I wholeheartedly recommend this film to anyone who clings to the belief in the ideas of the founding fathers. Buy it. Watch it. Watch it again. Share it with friends. 
PASS ON THIS ONE. THE ORIGINAL WAS OK, BUT IF YOU WANT GREAT MUSIC, GREAT DANCING, AWESOME SETS, TRULY CELTIC--EVEN WITH THE HUGE EGO OF MICHAEL FLATLEY, WHO IS, BY THE WAY AN EXTRAORDINARY TALENT, BUY HIS SHOW "FEET OF FLAMES" TOTALLY TOE-TAPPING AWESOME. THIS WILL BE NO DISAPPOINTMENT LIKE THE SO CALLED "BEST OF RIVERDANCE" IT HAS NO SPANISH DANCE, NO SPIRITUALS, NO HIP-HOP, NO RUSSIAN DANCE. ALL WELL AND GOOD FOR MANY. BUT FEET OF FLAMES IS TOTALLY IRISH CELTIC, WHICHEVER YOU WANT TO CALL IT. EMMA KILLINGBECK SCOTS TO THE COR 
I've seen the Pilates infomercials for a while now, but have been intimidated by the seemingly impossible movements. When I found this inexpensive "For Dummies" DVD, I decided to give it a try. WHAT A WORKOUT! I consider myself to be in moderately good shape, and this workout can definitely be felt! Within the first couple of days I IMMEDIATELY noticed a change in my posture, and a good burn in my abs, hips and thighs. I HIGHLY recommend this as both a great workout and a wonderful intro to Pilates. 
I just whant to say this, if Richard Dean Anderson is out of the Stargate series; so am I, and that's it! If I could I would give this 0 stars, but you can't, not what I know anyways. Still Teal'c ,Daniel and Carter is in the storie, but hwo knows for how long 
The book of Acts is a book of power! Sadly, this is what is lacking in the DVD presentation. The minute I began watching I knew it was going to be a weak (acting) rendition of the story. Thankfully, it is word for word from the Bible, which is why I gave it two stars. Reading through the book of Acts one can almost feel the electricity of the Holy Spirit working in and through the lives of the Apostles and believers. All of that is lost in the DVD presentation. I would not recommend this DVD. Stick to the Book instead 
Another product of Hollywood's "Karaoke Culture". In an age where we see cinematic remakes of every kind, we have in "U-571" an outrageous attempt to borrow from the success and acclaim of "Das Boot". But instead of a gripping war drama that reveals the tragic waste of war, we get a cheap flag-waving pile of Hollywood propaganda. The lighting, camera angles and claustrophobic set are obviously inspired by DB. But the bigoted innacuracies (German submariners machine gunning helpless sailors) and absurd scenarios (an incredibly lucky stern shot sinks a destroyer in hot pursuit) put this ridiculous movie in its own category. U-571 is just another thin, over-promoted, throw-away movie you'll forget the day after you see it 
We bought several different potty training videos and this was, unexpectedly, the worst. The reason: It lacks focus. It comes off as more of a production made by people who never had kids, or at least don't remember what potty training is all about. It goes back and forth between Elmo and short film and animated clips that focus on independence and doing things for yourself. But it doesn't really hold a 2 year old's interest and the song lyrics and such are overly complicated for a child of that age. My older daughter, who's potty trained for years now, watched it more than my son who grew bored really fast. If you are going for entertainment, get this DVD, but if you want your little one to start giving up diapers, go with Potty Power 
This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film "Harakiri" known in Japan as "Seppuku" is the story of a samurai who has lost his job with his clan having broken up. He then asks a feudal lord permission to commit hara-kiri on his property. That is all I want to say about the plot but it does get interesting. The double disc set has some nice bonus features too. Disc one contains the film with a theatrical trailer and an intruduction by Donald Richie. Disc two has a poster gallery and interviews with director Masaki Kobayashi, actor Tatsuya Nakadai, and writer Shinobu Hashimoto. Fans of classic Japanese films will not want to miss this 
Apparently, this is a film that many women, who have read the book, can make enjoyable. Characters, including Anne the Captain, display wooden acting. Poker-faces. Others speak at a clipped pace. The properness of the times allowed for personality, as shown well in "Pride Prejudice" 1996 2006, but not here. Shyness, plainness, or slowness, may be portrayed likeably, with some personality. Both Anne the Captain maintain wide-eyed, desperate, looks, constantly. Many of us do get nervous within romance; but we are compelled, by conversation, and activity, to interrupt our nervousness with personality. Thus, Anne's the Captain's constant, wide-eyed, nervousness is un-natural. All of us at the age of Anne and the Captain, would have refined our nervousness to be responses of: shyness, thought, distance, hopefulness, approval, or alarm. You understand the quiet thoughts, because of the story, in spite of the confusing, paralyzed, looks; rather than because of them. You come to like Anne and the Captain toward the end, in spite of the wooden acting, because of the story's ending. This film has pretty scenery; such as walks along the ocean. The costumes are often very unique and well done. There is beautiful singing in one scene, and even better, wonderful singing over the closing credits. Good period, romance films are so few, and so desired, that many women labor to imagine this film better than it is. I applaud their positive imaginations. However, they continued their fanciful, wishful, thoughts into rating this film. A reviewer, who liked the film, says she had read the book, and she cites a huge amount of important background from the book that is not shown in the film. A poor script for those who have not read the book. Awful directing made awful acting. I would like to see this good story re-made by a better Director. Well-made romance films are: "Pride Prejudice", "Wives Daughters", "North South". Fairly made is "Under the Greenwood Tree" 
Even though I would agree that "Erin Brockovich" is an entertaining movie, Julia Roberts performance in it is no more Oscar-worthy than was her performance of a prostitute in "Pretty Woman." I am second to no one in enjoying a good "David and Goliath" story, but this movie has such shaky roots in reality, it is more of a tall tale, than the "true" story of a historic class action suit that, I would imagine, left more unhappy plaintiffs, than it did satisfied ones. However, as the movie title implies, this is indeed Erin Brockovich's story, in the same way that the "Xena" character is the main attraction in "Xena: Warrior Princess" (though it should be noted that Xena's wardrobe is considerably more modest than that of the Erin Brockovich character). Erin Brockovich is a vain, brassy, boorish, single mother of three young children, with no marketable work skills, a transparently opportunistic manner, who dresses very much the same way as the prostitute character Roberts played in "Pretty Woman" (prior to Richard Gere's character taking her on the infamous Rodeo Drive shopping spree). The movie's beginning finds Erin unemployed and pursuing a personal injury lawsuit in connection with an automobile accident; her lawsuit is lost, primarily thanks to her own disastrous testimony (swearing, cursing and shrieking from the witness stand) while being questioned by opposing counsel. Unbelievably, Erin parlays the failed lawsuit into a job at her attorney's (played by Albert Finney) firm, mainly by pushing her way into the office and ensconcing herself at a desk. Later, while handling the paperwork for a run-of-the-mill, pro bono, real estate sale, Erin discovers the file contains the seller's medical records, that, for reasons she (correctly) does not understand, seem to be of particular interest to the buyer, the mega utility company, Pacific Gas and Electric. Erin independently embarks on her own personal investigation of the case and discovers that PG had (for decades) negligently contaminated the ground water (surrounding one of their power plants in/near Hinkley, CA on the edge of the Mojave Desert) with toxic, hexavalent chromium. This discovery leads to the queen mother of all class-action lawsuits (at least in terms of the award), in which hundreds of Hinkley residents sue PG (by and through the representation of Erin's boss) in a toxic tort action that eventually nets a 330 million dollar settlement for the plaintiffs. Roberts gives a photogenic, if not especially gifted, performance in her role as Erin. The movie contains a plethora of flattering shots of Roberts (literally gushing out skin-tight, low-cut, bustier-inspired "work clothes" that would never be permissible attire for any employee of a law firm on this planet) as she engages in warm and fuzzy discourses with the unsuspecting and unsophisticated Hinkley residents. While there is much to be said for Erin's apparent drive and tenacity as she pursues the plaintiffs in the suit, she is not an especially likeable character; rather, she is rude, verbally abusive and only conciliatory and kind when and if it serves her interests. Albert Finney is considerably more appealing and believable as Ed Masry, the aged and weary attorney who is Erin's boss. The bantering that occurs between the two is generally amusing; unfortunately thanks to the inept direction and camera work, the focus for these scenes seems to be more on Roberts (strutting about in short leather skirts and noisy, five-inched-heeled mules) than on the sometimes-interesting personality dynamics that seemingly exists between the two characters. Aaron Eckhart plays the affable, gentle biker and next-door-neighbor, George, who becomes Erin's boyfriend-by-convenience. The "convenience" factor is totally one-sided and for Erin's benefit exclusively; she unabashedly uses George for free, live-in childcare, thereby giving her the necessary freedom to assist Masry as they put together the historic case. Erin eventually winds up receiving a staggering two million dollar "bonus" check (from Masry) when the tort action case settles; contrastingly, George gets a "thanks" for his nanny services from Erin and his walking papers. The plaintiffs in the case are an assortment of simple individuals with unpretentious outlooks on life, who have been dealt a dirty hand by the utility giant. Though the Hinkley residents are sympathetically portrayed, make no mistake-this movie is about Erin Brockovich (indeed, I do not think there is a single scene in which the chacracter is not present) and less about the brave struggles with life-threatening, generation-spanning illnesses that the real-life plaintiffs were forced to face, due to the toxicity in their water source. Erin Brockovich is presented to the viewing audience (in typical Hollywood fashion) as a sort of heroine; but in fairness it would seem more accurate to say that she was a woman who indiscriminately used people, walked on others when necessary and seized opportunity after opportunity until she eventually struck it lucky and got rich. Is the movie entertaining-absolutely. Inspiring- not even slightly. 
This is a surprisingly poor movie. Although it has some well-known actors, and a notable director, the material was just presented badly and predictably - like a lousy late night TV-movie with profanity inserted to liven it up. The movie makes a simplified joke of the legal system and its sterotypical failings (though legitimate in many cases). It also glosses over the grieving process of the family, ignores the normal safety warnings to the remaining child, overdoes Kiefer Sutherland's character flaws (which are considerable nevertheless), and generally oversimplifies everything into a neat package to which you already know the ending because of the spoiler title. In one particularly-bad scene, after taking martial arts classes and other measures to prepare herself mentally and physically, Sally's character simply stares open-mouthed and dumbfounded at Keifer's character when they meet on the street and he talks to her. I don't know what I missed that the 4- and 5-star reviewers like so much. I only see wide-spread mediocrity. I would only recommend this for fans of Keifer. "Ssssssorry", Sally, not your best role or movie. Ditto Ed Harris, whose other movies I generally like. 
The enduring legacy around Franois Truffaut's emotionally turbulent 1962 film depends primarily on how compatible the three actors are in inhabiting the triangle at the core of the story adapted from Henri-Pierre Roch semi-autobiographical novel. And in showing that elusive rapport, Oskar Werner, Henri Serre and especially Jeanne Moreau provide superbly etched characterizations in one of the defining works of the French New Wave. Fortunately, the two-disc Criterion Collection DVD set provides an appropriately rich package for this classic, although the print transfer is frustratingly variable at times. The story focuses on the friendship between two writers, an Austrian named Jules and a Frenchman named Jim, kindred spirits who enjoy a decadent lifestyle in pre-WWI Paris. Inspired by a statue of a woman's face with a most enigmatic smile, they agree that they are destined to fall in love with a woman with the same smile. Enter Catherine, as seductively capricious a free-spirit as ever there was in cinema, and the two men are instantly enamored. Jules is intent on marrying her, even though it's clear from the outset that she is not one who could commit for the long term. The war intercedes, and the two friends are fighting on opposite sides. After the war, Catherine, married to Jules and raising their young daughter, is emotionally dissatisfied and embarks on an affair with Jim. With Jules' blessing, things are idyllic for a while, but Jim proves too much the alpha male to defer to Catherine's whims, and the resulting imbalance leads to increasingly dramatic consequences. In just his third film, Truffaut's trademark style emerges with fast cuts between scenes and naturalistic camera movements (courtesy of Raoul Coutard's fluid cinematography). Moreover, George Delerue's animated music score and Michel Subor's voiceover add to the evocative photo-album memory atmosphere. At times, the storyline feels a bit disjointed, but the fulsome performances more than compensate. Werner fully captures the internal struggle within Jules in attempting to reconcile his love for Catherine with her impossible demands on him. Serre has the comparatively more objective role but convincingly shows his character surrendering to the tangled situation. After her impressive turn as an obsessed adulterer in Louie Malle's "Elevator to the Gallows", Moreau solidifies her vaunted reputation here, conveying Catherine's petulance and unyielding passion in a vividly mercurial fashion. The DVD extras are abundant starting with two commentary tracks. The first one, a more factual account of the production, was recorded in 1992 with Truffaut collaborator Suzanne Schiffman, editor Claudine Bouche, co-screenwriter Jean Gruault, and scholar Annette Insdorf. The second, produced in 2000, is far better as it has Moreau sharing her personal recollections of the filming with Truffaut biographer Serge Toubiana. Disc One also includes a brief 1966 interview with Truffaut discussing Roch and a 1985 featurette, "The Key to Jules and Jim", which contains interviews with the author's friends as they discuss the inspirations for the characters. Disc Two takes a broader look at Truffaut with five separate interviews with the director over the span of fifteen years, as well as insightful interviews with Coutard and co-screenwriter Jean Gruault 
I never received product as they never shipped it. Amazon sent me an email stating that they couldn't complete my order as it was "non-deliverable".. Not sure what that means if every other item I purchase is "deliverable" 
Let me start off by saying that I am a HUGE MADtv fan and have been for years. It is easily my favorite show of all time. While I loved "The Complete Season 1" released in 2004, I think this DVD set is terrible. Why they abandoned complete season releases in favor of throwing together a random mix of sketches in no set order from the 3 most recent, and arguably the worst, seasons makes no sense to me. Of course this does have some classic sketches, impressions and characters on it, such as Debra Wilson's Oprah and Mo Collins' Lorraine, but a majority of it is just random. Most of these sketches aren't some of the better ones. Who picked this list? Of course I'll still buy it because I love MADtv, but hopefully in time they'll go back to releasing complete seasons again. I can watch a better mix of sketches and episodes for free every day on Comedy Central 
I first bought the DVD for my mother for Christmas. She let me borrow it. I am glad that I finally watched it. It is a truly great movie. It is a funny movie and very entertaining. I suggest either renting it or buying it 
this is the poorest of the plethora of jane austen adaptations we have undergone the past decade, with gwyneth paltrow stumbling her way through an unfunny retelling of austens classic. fortunately its been 3 weeks since i watched this and ive managed to put the details of WHY i found it distasteful into the nether regions of my mind, but it was a mess. 
Terrible direction, terrible writing, it almost feels like the director didn't know what he was working with. Although this movie wanted to be in the same race and quality of the movie CLUE, it fails to realize that the plot and characters are incredibly riculous and not funny ha ha but funny stupid. It was a total watse of good celluloid 
I generally like some of these French-comic-books-turned-into-movies because they're usually pretty erotic. Jane Fonda's role in Barbarella comes to mind. This Gwendoline series definitely had the POTENTIAL what with the scantily-clad women-in-bondage theme and the scenes involving Gwendoline with her dominant girlfriend. But the very beautiful Tawney Kitaen (cast as Gwendoline) apparently balked at doing girl/girl scenes (this was 1984, after all), and so the producers obligingly didn't force her to do any, and as a result this one turned into a very bland, weak, and diluted version of Raiders of the Lost Ark. It's not a good adventure film, and it's certainly not erotic. There's a little nudity, and some ridiculous moments that are supposed to capture the kinkiness of the French comics, but overall this one was a disappointing bust. 
Action Director John Woo's first attempt at making a good American action movie fails with Jean Claude Van Damme (Bloodsport, Sudden Death) on board as the lead hero who jumps over police cars, punches venomous snakes in the head, hops on motorcyles balancing himself on it while he flips over a truck and lands on the ground...kicking a gasoline tank at a guy while he shotgun blasts it and soving a grenade down the pants of evil bad ass Lance Henriksen (Near Dark, The Terminator). Hey, when isnt Henriksen a evil son of a bitatch? Yancy Butler (Drop Zone) is Van Dammes love interest protecting her from the villains trying to kill him and Wilfrod Brimley (TV'S Walker, Texas Ranger) plays Van Damme's southern fried canjun Uncle who rides horses and shoots arrows with his bow while trotting off after his country house blows up. All in all, it doesnt become the worst movie ever made, its only presence if the style John Woo brings to his action scenes...his lingo in the art of which he creates. Also starring Arnold Vosloo (The Mummy and The Mummy Returns) as Henriksen's right hand man. Ah, gotta love the scene where Van Damme has sexual chemistry with the snake while punching it ou 
My hat's off to Sean Penn for having the nerve to take this role, and then really committing to the role, he committed way too much though. His performance is so over the top he would have qualified for the pole vault in the Sydney Olympics merely by forwarding a copy of this DVD to the judges. Dakota Fanning is as precious as ever and I hope she can avoid all the trappings of child stardom that have sapped some of the best child actors of the last 30 years (Todd Bridges, Jill Whelan, Eve Plumb). I was not put off by all the commercial tie-ins and know that making a movie has a lot of expenses. 
Warning: Do not watch this movie if you are hungry! If you do, within the first 10 minutes, you will pause it, and have to run out for chinese food instantly and not the quick take out junk either, but the honest to god traditional chinese cuisine that the father makes. I adore this movie, It is a heartwarming, hilarious story about a Widower Retired Master Chef and his Three very different daughters. Ang Lee gives us insight into this family from the perspective of how love and life and humanity can be compared to eating and drinking. The soundtrack is amazing, the scenery is magnificent and the realness of it all transport you in, so that you can almost smell the food cooking. I would have killed to be on that set to just sample all those dishes! 
Who's idea was it to put Jessica Alba as Sue Storm? Chris Evans's portrayal of Johnny Storm was somewhat disappointing too, although not as bad as Jessica Alba's portrayal of Sue Storm. Why do they cast Hollywood big names in these movies just for the sake of having big celebrities in these movies? They really need to cast people who actually fit the roles and have talent for portraying the characters. This movie was somewhat good, but it didn't feel all that great. So far, this movie is just another of Marvel's somewhat disappointing movies along the lines of Elektra, The Incredible Hulk, Xmen 3, Daredevil, and The Punisher. I was so happy to see Marvel characters getting their own movies, but after seeing what Hollywood does to them, I would rather see Marvel's chracters go back into hiding. Special effects were good in this movie, and so was the story. Michael Chiklis as the Thing was great, and his The Thing character makeup was done very well, and he played the character well too, as did Ioan Gruffud with Mr. Fantastic. Jessica Alba and Chris Evans definitely demoted this movie 
A very successful comedy. Highly recommendable. Players are magnificent. Especially the final scene involving Kevin Cline's dancing act is unforgettable. Enables people to overcome deeply rooted prejudices about sexual practice.Sociological context significant.Leaves fine trails in spectators' brains 
Calling all "black sheeps of the family" - it is never too late for your family to come around. In this simple yet powerful story, April and her mother learn that sometimes, those we have the most conflict with are those who are MOST like us. Painful as it seems, we must all come to terms with dissapointment and overcome our personal fears of rejection when revealing our true selves. 
The product is a1 BUT why arewe penalised for late delivery in the form of warfage !!!!! Shurly this is wrong ?? 
Few days ago, I watched the documentary "Z Channel: A Magnificent Obsession" (2004) about a channel that had brought the great and unavailable anywhere else films to its 100, 000 lucky subscribers in LA in 70s - 80s. While enjoying the clips from many Foreign and Independent movies that were the best part of documentary, I was able to recognize the movie that I saw many years ago in Moscow and still remember well, I could not only recall the title. I remember that the movie was Dutch, very erotic - in the raw, brutal, twisted yet beautiful and passionate way. Watching "Z Channel..." I was happy to instantly recognize "Turks fruit" (1973) aka "Turkish Delight" made by Paul Verhoeven in 1973. I checked with Netflix, the movie was available; I bumped it up in my queue and just finished watching it. My memory served me well - Verhoeven's early film is as naturalistic, earthy, brutal, erotic, humorous, poetic, poignant, and captivating as I remember it. Based on the novel by Jan Wolker, "Turkish Delight" stars young, hot, very sexy (and I mean it - VERY SEXY) Rutger Hauer as a bohemian free spirited and often cruel sculptor Eric and even younger Monique van de Van as his wife Olga, child-like yet as sensual as Eric was, "the light of his life, the fire of his loins". The film that describes their stormy relationship has become the most financially successful Holland's film that was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language film and was proclaimed by Jan Wolker a "75% masterpiece". There are not very many directors in the world that can create the atmosphere of raw sensuality as well as Verhoeven (of his Dutch period, especially). Verhoeven is known for uncompromising approach to his work, fiery temperament, and aggressive movie-making. Joe Ezsterhaus who worked with Verhoeven on two films said about him: "The guy is like his movies: brilliant, mercurial, very daring, perverse, a wonderful series of paradoxes and contradictions..." "The Turkish Delight" is all that and I love it but I can understand how its graphic sexuality, more than one disgusting and revolting scenes (but they had to be in the movie) and crude behavior may put off a lot of viewers. Be prepared, "Turkish Delight" is delightful but it is very intense and often not easy to watch. 
"The Ring Two" is a horror film that gets so bogged down in the minutiae of its storytelling that it simply forgets to be scary. Naomi Watts and David Dreckman return as the mother and son who have recently fled to a remote section of Oregon in an attempt to escape the murderous clutches of Samara, the ghost of a young girl whom they encountered in the previous film. However, like any specter worth her salt, Samara has managed to track the pair down and quickly begins her scheme of possessing the boy as a way of returning to the land of the living. This is an extraordinarily under-whelming thriller that is little more than a series of extremely mild shocks (if you even want to call them that) interrupted by long stretches of hopelessly dull exposition. The story itself makes very little sense, and the climax is so blas and half-hearted that I couldn't be sure the movie had actually ended until the credits started rolling by. "The Ring Two" has a few impressive special effects up its sleeve, but not nearly enough to relieve the tedium that afflicts so much of the movie. In a mere two installments, this series seems already to have run its course. If this "Ring" comes a-callin`, don`t answer 
What do you know about being underground? Get this if you really suck at djing 
This is one of my favorite movies and i find it unfortunate that not too many people know about it. I think it is important for people to know this story. Everyone should watch this movie simply because it is fantastic 
Certainly the best kung-fu movie I've ever seen, Kung Fu Hustle is loaded with effects and humor, and stunning fight sequences to boot. Try and watch any regular martial arts movie afterward and all you can do is yawn, even the great Bruce Lee is tired and played-out in comparison to Kung Fu Hustle. The movie continues to top itself throughout, with an escalation of fight scenes that peaks with the hero jumping higher than the clouds, seeing Buddha, lightly stepping off a bird, and plunging to earth to deliver a blow capable of knocking a fifty-foot hole in a building! This aint just wire-fu, it's wired-fu with hilarious weirdness. 
I really liked this film. Before Michael Moore became a liberal celebrity, he was a completely obscure magazine writer and filmmaker. This film was a major underground hit at the time, and it still is excellent today. You really feel for the people who lose their jobs, and you're infuriated by the callous indifference of Roger Smith and the management of General Motors. I really liked the segment where Flint tries to reinvent itself as tourist mecca of the Midwest. It consisted of a horribly misguided attempt at opening up a Hilton in downtown Flint, and opening up a theme park called Auto World. It justs smacks of desperation and stupidity; it has make you laugh and grimace at the same time. Instead of giving these people really good jobs again, they come up with this idiotic scheme, which ended up in disaster (both the Hilton and Auto World closed within a year). Moore in recent years has become a "political celebrity", in that politics has become quite the cottage industry in America. It's not just Moore doing it; right wingers like Hannity and Coulter have been doing it too. They all got books; some of them got films; some of them have radio shows. A lot of them aren't really interested in changing anything, as it might interfere with their livelihoods. I don't know if Moore is like that or not. But this is still a potent, darkly funny film about real class warfare, and the dismantling of the working class in America. 
This movie is one of cinema history's seminal examples of a soundtrack carrying a movie to success. "Saturday Night Fever" from a few years before is another example, but that movie could actually stand on its own. Jennifer Beales' torn neck sweater and table dancing routine aside, I don't think this one could. I understand this movie is near and dear to the hearts of a lot of 80's children, and I will agree this is one of the all-time great soundtracks of cinema. The problem is, the movie's plot is a slow-moving, wasted opportunity. Physically, Beales is sexy enough to keep your attention, and her portrayal of working-class girl in a man's job striving to express herself was a pretty novel idea when this movie was made. But her unsympathetic personality and mediocre acting undermine her character. Come to think of it, the acting all around is a bit weak. But that's not the problem. The movie suffers from two fatal let-downs. The first is the plot itself. Feminism-affirming depictions aside, it's pretty simplistic, unimaginative stuff, even for a dance movie. What's worse is how slow it all moves. The drama sequences in-between dances drag on, straining your patience and sympathy for the character's plights. The other more tragic flaw, since it is a movie about dance, is the cinematography. While it's certainly not the worst cinematography ever, (check out "the Limey" next time you want a headache.) the dance sequences look like they've been salvaged from scraps on the cutting room floor. We're supposed to be moved by Beales' character's natural talent, but for most of the movie we never get to see her do much except walk and pose in a crazy mashup of bad edits. By the time the final dance scene finally comes along, the drama of her audition performance is ruined by drawn-out, bad editing. It almost seems the judges let her into Juliard simply because she was able to stay in the air for longer than a minute. Perhaps I'm a purist for asking for good dancing onscreen to consist of more than rapid-fire editing. But if it's a movie about dancing, one would think the least they could do is show dancing. Many movies before and after Flashdance managed to get this right ("Saturday Night Fever" certainly did, to its great success), but maybe nobody told this movie's director. It's a shame 
I'm a big Survivor fan; and as such, I love any of the DVD complete season packets of Survivor. It's great because if you happened to miss one of the episodes for whatever reason, you get to see the challenges and how and why the person got voted off the island. I did not however give this 5 stars, because I also own the Survivor All-Stars DVD pack, so I know that they could have done more with the Palau pack. In the All-Stars pack you get to see A LOT more speacial features of things occured on the island but never made it into the broadcast. Some of these outakes give a lot of insite into camp life and the characters, which is always fun. But other than missing those features, the Survivor Palau pack is well worth seeing 
As an environmental scientist, I find these soft-science/hardball political presentations of the global warming discussion distressing and unhelpful. While they rally the convinced, having partisan political types at the forefront of the discussion is probably unhelpful. To wit, about a third of this movie turns out to be a self promotion video complete with a replay of 2000 election footage. About the "movie": it's actually a filmation of the presentation Al Gore has made for some time on Global Warming. In it he tries to make the case that nearly everything we are measuring on this dynamic earth is the result of man-made CO2 and other green-house gasses. The audience is bombarded with a long series of charts, graphs, and suppositions that make for a compelling argument - IF one has little or no knowledge coming into the presentation. And this is where this production goes terribly wrong, the fact checking was terrible, the cherry-picked data was obvious and heavy-handed, and finally the movie ends up serving those who oppose any discussion of global warming more than it helps the cause. Two examples: An Inconvenient Truth asserts that a sea-level rise of 20 feet is a realistic short-term prospect - yet, the 2005 joint statement by the science academies of the Western nations warns of sea-level rise in the four to 35 inches range in the 21st century. Gore discusses the Earth's atmosphere as relatively thin, and declares that, "The problem we now face is that this thin layer of atmosphere is being thickened by huge quantities of carbon dioxide." Hello? Thickness has nothing to do with global warming people. Carbon dioxide has molecular bonds that vibrate on the same wavelengths at which infrared energy radiates upward from Earth's surface - meaning that the vibration warms the CO2, which makes things hotter. Further the references to nitrogen are pure nonsense, since it doesn't play a role. My warning is to not let the politicians ruin the scientific process, no matter how noble the cause may be. 
Inliked the film in the theater and I like the film now. The plot does not drag and does not bore 
This movie is possibly one of the best movies I have ever seen. Christopher Nolan is a genius along with all of his other movies. This movie is very unique and will never get old 
I bought this movie for my coming of age daughter to watch with me. I enjoyed it so much in high school and was not surprised that she did also. Times and styles may have changed, but I believe that teens still go through needing the sense of belonging as these teens in the movie did. Simple, but great movie. My only regret is that it wasn't close captioned 
I have to disagree with the reviews above and say that I watched this movie on dvd having watched it as a kid twenty years ago. Unfortunately I couldn't find anything about this film I remember enjoying. It's a cross between The Blob, The Thing and a really crap detective movie. Moriarty's character is pretty smooth but the film culminates in a farce reminicent of an 80's kiddy movie. This film is definetly not for intelligent adults and you'll lose interest halfway through I guarantee it. No suspense, few laughs, and way to hokey to watch twice. If you love this movie you need to get out more. 
This is a wonderful story showing the Universe can have Aliens that are not horrors monsters or disasters for humans and humanity. Kids or Adults can see a picture of Aliens, not the usual us in a strange colored costume but folks we cannot see or even recognize as folks. Strangers with a problem seek help and after receiving help, return the favor. Aliens that flash thru the night abducting people, and destroying property are enemies. Aliens that come in the night, make contact with local people, seeking understanding and trade, are far more likely representatives of extra solar beings 
From the Sociobiological aspect the movie conveys brilliantly how the husband that doesn't has access to its genetic children will resort to extreme violence. It also shows how parents are excited about courtship abilities of their young son (since a "Don-Juan" son can pass a lot of their genes with various women in his lifetime) . Eventually it shows how the aging parents cannot bare the pain from losing their only son, the only way by which they can pass their genes, so they resort to extreme violence, even if the violence is somewhat spiteful: "If my son cannot pass my genes, your son who killed my son for a good genetic reason wouldn't be able to either" - that's the subconscious motivation for murder "conveyed" by the genes 
I did watch that and I did not liked cause I know good detailed information about this history. This DVD is making polishing Boeing company instead Lockheed won this techonology war ! It is 2 hours long and Boeing appears most of the times. There is no good explanation how Lockheed is performed that outstanding job. It all talkes about Boeing and at the final it again declares Boeing bla bla good bla bla succesfull at stealth jobs. I think the director was from Boeing Compan 
How anyone could rate this movie 4-5 stars is beyond belief. This was such a contrived movie that had a simple plot that went nowhere. As I watched this movie I could not figure out if it was meant to be a comedy or a drama. It was never very funny and both lead actors, playing one white and one adopted black brother, had scenes in the movie that were terrible. Romany Malco has a scene where he is running around in his underwear for no apparent reason accept to show off his body. He jumps out of bed when his cell phone rings, runs down the stairs and then outside and back in just to gather everyone in the house and scold them, in his drawers? He is talentless and idiotic as a brother in France that no one can relate to. Paul Rudd is likable but his shining scene is when he comes back to the chateau drunk and grossly tells off everyone - people he has known for less than a week! The servants are the best actors in the movie and play their parts well...but can't make up for the dismal rest. Ludicrous - a bad movie that probably could have been funny if they had went for laughs instead of drama. This is another example of a rental that you think is going to be good but then disappoints 
I've loved this movie ever since I saw it on CBS years ago so I was really excited to own it on DVD. Unfortunately the experience was ruined when I discovered that there are big sound problems on the second disc. Loud popping sounds completely cover up the dialogue in an entire scene. I was very dissapointed. The movie is great but the sound problems aren't worth the purchase. Stay away 
Clueless has been released on DVD before, with nothing more than two theatrical trailers as bonus features. In 2005, for its 10th anniversary, Paramount finally released a great, if not cheesily named, DVD edition of this 90's teen comedy classic, with such quotable lines as "You're a virgin who can't drive" and "As if!" The transfer on this DVD is AWESOME. It's very clean, sharp, and clear. I don't remember any issues on the past DVD, but if there were any, it seems like they were cleared up for this release. The bonus features are likeable fluff, but at least they're existent. Featuring new interviews with several cast and crew members, such featurettes as "The Class of '95," which discusses the cast, and "Language Arts," which discusses the many phrases that this movie brought to our pop culture lexicon, allow us to delve, if only just slightly, into the making and the impact of this movie. Also, the trailers from the previous DVD release are included. Children of the 90's definitely need to own this DVD. Clueless is still a major part of America's pop culture today, and really, who doesn't love watching a 90's teen comedy remake of a literary classic like Jane Austen's Emma 
Let me clear this up....if you are a true exercise fanatic, this dvd is for you. I've done every dvd exercise program including Taebo and this ranks in my top 2. Taebo is awesome for the cardio but when it comes down to muscle tone, this dvd is tops. The background music and background exercise people are the least of my worries, you have to concentrate on the exercises she does to TONE YOUR BODY!!! These exercises are an all over workout. My favorite part is the 20 minute arm workout, my arms never looked so good!! She works the hell out of you and it took me a few times to get through it but if you want to tone up and get in shape, just put in this DVD and be prepared to SWEAT!!! 
I really enjoyed this movie. Rose McGowan did a great job as the villianess Debbie. My favorite line from the movie "It's a family thing." The movie was, in my opinion, a black comedy. And Rose totally looked like trailer trash on her first day of school--brilliant! You should definately watch this movie when you haven't got anything better to do 
"The Thomas Crown Affair" gets better everytime I watch it. I spot something I missed. Hear music which I heard but never listened to and see how it relates to the movie. Actually hearing the "Windmills of my Mind". This is an unbelievably good movie, although I prefer the original's ending 
I need to preface this review with the comment that I am not a John Wayne fan. However "The Searchers" is often said to be the Duke's best movie. And it is clear from here that he was no cardboard cut out actor and, if anything, his real talents were underused in his career. Still "The Searchers" is a classic and deserves to be better known. The 50th anniversary edition is a must for any collector. The restored print for the DVD is excellent. Just what you want to watch John Ford's gorgeous Monument Valley location shots. The "extras" disk is also excellent. There are three good documentaries all of which were made with thought and genuine concern. A change from all those "afterthought" DVD extras. One documentary features interviews with Martin Scorsese and another some great shots of the film production camp in Monument Valley in the early 1950s, before it was on the tourist trail. The documentaries would be of interest to serious film students and even amateur sociologists, they illustrate the many serious social issues "The Searchers" deals with, and takes a serious and humane point of view on, without preaching. A lesson I suppose for today's "socially concerned" film makers, they really need to focus on the film making and the story first. John Ford did and the message is powerful and still relevant today 
I don't know what to say about this...it was interesting but not wowing by any standards. It was semi-enjoyable to watch with interesting graphics and the concept is novel too. But the music SUCKS and thats half the DVD right there. Recommend renting or borrowing from a friend. I wouldn't buy this DVD again 
Ella Enchanted has been my favorite book for years and when I heard that they were going to make it into a movie, I was estatic. I marked the movie release date on my calander, got my tickets in advance, and waited on pins and needles on the way to the theater. The movie was a huge dissapointment. While I wasn't expecting the movie to be just like the book, I certainly wasn't expecting that. While the movie itself was funny and an overall good movie, I hated it because it was absolutley nothing like the book. The only common thread I found were the names of the characters and the fact that Ella was cursed from birth. I suggest that you go and read the book if you enjoyed the movie, it is far better with an increadible story line and an ending that still brings me to tears, despite the fact that I've read it over 100 times 
ok, I've only just seen this film for the first time, so it's hard to really judge the social impact it had 13 years ago and its importance in that respect, but this is not a particularly good film. I mean, it has its choice moments where it really comes together. the shot of caine downing a 40 in the korean grocers is imaginitively directed. any scene with o-dog is almost guaranteed classic status. samuel jackson's in it. and if you're a fan of dave chapelle's tyrone biggums crackhead character, the token crackhead in this film is worth a few laughs for his to-the-tee similarity. but that's really my problem with this film. serious issues are reduced to a series of ham-fisted archetypes straight out of central casting. and they're ALL here: the homey black grandparents, the nation of islam convert, the socially conscious mother whose son is starting to go down caine's road... all characters that might fare better in a different film that treats these issues with more subtlety and depth. take the french film 'la haine', for instance. it clearly took a lot of inspiration from menace 2 society, boyz n tha hood, etc., but its characters actually feel tormented, instead of just having lots of scenes written FOR them to show their torment. rather than just running through a laundry list of problems, one-by-one, scene-by-scene, it really gets to the heart of something bigger, some grander alienation that urban youths feel, which is what menace 2 society would like to be able to do. plus, if you can believe it, the hip-hop in 'la haine' is quite a bit better. so while I would definitely recommend seeing this film, keep the remote aimed and ready, finger on the fast-forward button. maybe about a half-hour of this film is really worth watching, whereas the other 70 minutes are mostly just dull moralising. oh yeah, and there's a really embarrassing-to-watch sex scene thrown in for no particular reason. oh, also, the filmmakers apparently think people who have just been shot look like they are being electrocuted while spitting out cherry slurpees. in a film that didn't try to carry so much social weight, that kind of thing would be ok because you could laugh it off as bad filmmaking, but it really just cheapens this one 
"The O.C." has got to be one of the most Overrated, Overhyped, shows that I have ever seen, this side of "Friends". This show makes me ashamed to be from SoCal.Their is nothing Appealing or Compelling about a bunch of rich, spoiled, suburban, white teens(sorry,I mean 24,25,28 year old acters playing teenagers) and their so called "problems".I admit,I tried to give this show a chance, I tried to watch a few episodes,and really, I couldn't make it passed the half an hour mark w/out turning it to Adult Swim or some "Nick At Night" Re-run or something. and speaking of white, is "O.C." suppose to stand for "Orange County" or "Only Caucasians". I had no idea, that their were no Black, Mexican, or Asian people that lived in the "O.C." Peter Gallagher's character is suppose to be the "bad guy" huh? Please! How about I snatch this chump off the "O.C." streets, toss him in a trunk and take him to Long Beach, Compton, Crenshaw, or Watts and then lets see how "bad" a guy he is then. The bottom line is, I can't stand this gay, fake show and I can't stand all you losers that praise it even more! And by the way, This show don't even belong in the same ZIP CODE as B.H. 90210! Now put that in Yo Pipes and Smoke it! 
Fun to watch but my 9 1/2 yr. old daughter could not follow the moves. Neither could I for that matter. We tried to learn the moves through "breaking it down" but there is just not enough repetition. Too complicated. 
When shows do final seasons usually they go out with a bang. But saddly this shows last bullets in this shows gun was a bunch of blanks. Now dont get me wrong, it was funny, I'll give it that, that's the only reason it got 2 stars, but season 1-4 raised the comedy standeard so high and were so funny but this season was a huge failure IN LIVING COLOR wise. So I'd recomend this for the series collectors like me. meaning I have season 1-4 and although I didnt like season 5, I'd feel uncomplete without it 
I remember seeing this film when I was 7 or 8 years old and it scared me senseless. Seeing people getting their heads chopped off and mutalated from who knows what that flies around a big city gave me an uneasy eerie feeling. I didn't know what the name of this movie was and I was looking for it in the video stores. I stumbled onto this accidentally and taking my chances of this being the dragon in the sky killing people movie that I saw 20 years ago, I bought it. After seeing it again, this is the movie that scared me to death so many years ago. Though, by today's standards, this movie is rather cheap and cheesy, it still gave me that uneasy eerie feeling. This movie is original, having a flying dragon that is summoned by ritual killings, that eats people like birds eat worms. This movie is a hybrid of Godzilla and slasher flicks. This is definately B-movie material, but it's fun to watch and brings back some childhood memories... and that is worth more than the price of admission 
If this movie was ever going to have a chance, it needed to be about 4 or 5 hours long, or never attempted in the first place. Some books adapt well to being edited and condensed as a screenplay - Possession just can't be dealt with that way. What you have as a result is another story entirely. There just wasn't time enough, I guess, to develop the characters, or even to include half of them. The only character true to the book and left almost intact was Sir George. The rest were stripped of their layers and everything that made them fascinating, and we are left with painful stereotypes and, in the case of Roland Michell, a character who seems to have wandered on to the wrong set during filming. My best advice is that if you've read the book, skip the movie, but if you saw the movie, you should do yourself a favor and get the book 
I've also reviewed the first two volumes but I honestly believe that Volume Three is the best. I plan on getting them all and have the entire series for the first time in my life but, if I had to pick a single best volume, it would be this one. FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE has the most solid Cold War story of all the films and everyone is firing on all pistons. Connery IS Bond in this one, making the character his own, and Robert Shaw and Lotte Lenya as the villians are among the best. ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE is George Lazenby's only film and it remains a controversial entry in the series. Myself, I loved it. Diana Rigg is awesome, the photography and editing are great, and the story feels like it has more meat on its bones than any other film. (These first two films probably come closest to the Ian Fleming novels). LIVE AND LET DIE is Moore's first appearance as Bond. It has a hit Paul McCartney Wings song and a 19-year-old Jane Seymour, along with a very charismatic villian in Yaphet Kotto. The boat chase is still thrilling and Sheriff J.W. Pepper is still hilarious. GOLDENEYE is Brosnan's first appearance as Bond and remains his best film. Wonderful use of Russian locales, particularly the "graveyard" of Communist statues, and the deadliest Bond girl since Pussy Galore. FOR YOUR EYES ONLY was an attempt to get back to better stories after the overblown epics of the Seventies. So, as far as I'm concerned, there isn't a bad one in the lot. Like I said, I plan on getting them all--but this one looks like the best. Enjoy 
I am sorry to report that this movie is dead on arrival, and I have to agree with anybody that says this movie is [...]. The whole cast is wasted in this movie, and most of which I have seen in movies that I liked better. Like pretty much the leads in this movies, I have seen thier movies and liked htem better in, but this one, they might as well. If your a Tim Allen fan, please do yourself a favor, and get either the Santa Clause movies, or the Toy Story movies, and avoid this movie at all costs. Here are 99 minuts of my life, that I won't see again, and I am trying to make sure that you don't waste your time on this dud. Who wants to see an actor pretned to be a dog, in some scenes in the movie, ore pretty much the whole thing. I haven't seen Monster House or Cars, but I hope that these will be 2 better movies, or maybe a season dvd of Home Improvement will be pretty then this. Dave Douglas (Tim Allen) is a lawyer, that dislikes dogs, and even has a case against animal activist Justin Forrester (Joshua Leonard). And he is up for accused of trying to torch the California headquarters of sinister pharmaceutical conglomerate Grant Strictland. And he doesn't much of a family life, since he is never home, and how many times have we seen something like this in a movie? His wife is Rebecca Douglas (Kristin Davis) and they have 2 children Josh (Spencer Breslin) and Carly (Zena Grey). And he has an appoontment to Josh's PTA meetings, and even through he is reminded at work, he forgets. Carly is not only a is both Forrester's student and a budding animal advocate herself, and her brother is trying out for football like his Dad, even through he secretly hates it, and didn't sign up for the fall musical. And then there is a mad scientist (Robert Downey Jr.), trying to extract the secret of immortality from the shaggy hide of a 300-year-old dog he had kidnapped from a Tibetan monastery. And Carly even kidnaps it from Grant Strictland, and brings him home, nad even trouble starts when the dog bites Douglas, that gets him starting acting like a dog too, and even looking exactly like him at times. The movie expects us to believe the dog is 300 years old, which would be impossible, since neither dogs or people live that long, all I can say we are in an era of movies being made out of sequels and remakes, and this is one to avoid at all costs. 
I didn't watch this one before Because of all the hype Too many buddy comedies Were coming through the pipe This one caught me by surprise It really was first rate Two dudes who're crashing weddings So they'll always have a date Fast-talking party animals With very rigid rules Break it off before sunrise Commitment's just for fools Until one day one falls in love The other falls in lust If you want to see Vince Vaughn get hurt Then this one is a must Sometimes sappy, sometimes sweet and often lewd and loud but it doesn't stoop to flatulence so it stands out from the crowd Amanda Richards, November 5, 2006 
Lady and the Trap has been an enduring Disney classic for 50 years now and it's amazing how well it holds up after all that time. The hand painted animation is beautiful and the story and music are top notch. This film is an example of Disney animation at its classic best. But calling Lady and the Tramp a great animated film is really selling it short. It's a great MOVIE, period. Lady's idyllic life is shattered and bad boy Tramp comes to her rescue. While he begins his relationship with Lady in the dog house (sorry, couldn't resist), he slowly redeems himself in her eyes and love conquers all in the end. If you've seen any romantic comedies from the last several years and compare it to this movie you'll realize that a story about two dogs is actually more romantic and more funny than virtually any similar film featuring humans. Watch Lady and the Tramp and you'll know why this film is still so loved after 50 years. 
Flat lighting, cheap sets and costumes, dull dialog, wooden acting, and a goofy plot; even pervasive silicone enhancement can not save this movie. Zero stars should be an option. For more inspired soft porn, check out the work of Andrew Blake (andrewblake.com) 
A very good film staring Cary Grant and Grace Kelly. Cary plays the part of a retired jewel thief. Someone begins to steal jewels and the local police think its Cary. Grace plays the part of the daughter of a rich Amrican widow. The film then covers how Cary Grants finds the people who have copied his MO.A fun romp through the French country side. Well acted and directed. A must see if you are a Cary Grant or Grace Kelly fan. jame 
This video is amazing! My 6 week old son is watching it right now! I can't believe how entertained he is by it! These videos have been proven to increase a child's IQ, so I don't feel [too] guilty about letting him watch. 
HEY GENIUS. GOOD JOB RUINING THE END OF THE MOVIE FOR ANYONE WHO HASN'T SEEN IT. LIKE, SAY, MY FIVE YEAR OLD AND EIGHT YEAR OLD CHILDREN. IT'S A MIRACLE IF I CAN EVEN GET THEM TO SIT STILL FOR FIVE MINUTES, AND NOW THAT THEY KNOW THE ENDING TO THIS FILM, THERE'S NO WAY THEY'RE EVER GOING TO AGREE TO GO TO BED TONIGHT. THANKS A BUNCH. EVER HEARD OF THE INTERNET BEFORE? YOU MUST BE A FIRST TIME USER. 
I bought this dvd after reading all the great reviews and I was VERY disappointed. First off, it is outdated and that is annoying with the annoying music- but the background exercisers really bug me too. Not only that, the moves are strange. She does a lot of shoulder work moving back and forth with her feet to the beat of the cheesy music. I found my neck hurt A LOT after that. The leg section would be good if there was another way to position yourself. The ab section too was so old school, I was hoping to find some new exercises. I love Karen Voight but this dvd was definately the worst I have yet to purchase of hers. All the other Karen Voight I own I absolutely love 
Waste of time. I turned it off. The "extra features" were slightly interesting. The actual film was just a vehicle for the creators to show themselves dancing. A vanity piece. Why not present just the dance and save us from excruciating, badly-written melodrama. Don't bother 
Although I enjoy Pilates and yoga, I need a good workout that makes me sweat. Boxing and martial arts classes are great for that purpose. But there are times where I prefer to feel the burn at home. To that end, one of the best cardio/strength DVD workouts I've found is "Crunch: Boot Camp Training." The workout runs for about 30 minutes, which is great for those days where I want a shorter (but still effective) one. It's short because exercises are combined together in order to minimize time and maximize benefit. For example, three-to-ten pound hand weights are used to work the upper body while doing squats and lunges. Abs and obliques are worked on the floor with different types of crunches, and during standing cardio work by side knee lifts. Of course, a boot camp workout would be incomplete without pushups - there are three sets, each with a different emphasis to shake things up (and the lower body is worked in as well). A cooldown/stretch session concludes the proceedings. As for the instructor, Susan Hitzmann is one of the best I've seen on a DVD workout. She has an infectious enthusiasm that challenges and encourages at the same time. She calls well, using a clear and authoritative voice. I also enjoyed the chemistry between her and the rest of the class. This is one of the few DVD workouts where I can identify with the assistants, because they look like they are actually working out. They moan, groan, and laugh like real people, and plastic smiles are kept to a minimum. Finally, the generic accompanying music complements the workout without overwhelming it. There are two caveats for "Crunch: Boot Camp Training." First, it might be hard on someone with sensitive knees because there are a lot of squats and forward lunges. I had an ACL recon years ago, so I usually do backward lunges in place of the forward ones (the workout also features backward lunges). Also, the routine's fast pace and combinations may confuse or wear out beginners. But easier variations are demonstrated by a woman on the instructor's left side, so this is a workout you can grow into. Even so, if your body takes time to get limber due to age or previous injury, you may want to warm up on your own beforehand. "Crunch: Boot Camp Training" is an excellent boot camp-style home workout. I own a large number of exercise DVDs, and this one's on my go-to stack. Highly recommended 
Otto Preminger's EXODUS is a very well made film. This is a big film and director Preminger is a master at handling films of this scale. He is a master technician and he tells this story on that level rather than showing anything highly stylistic in nature. Well, that is Preminger's style, straighforward and technically proficient movie making. 
I'm not a big fan of Tom or Demi, and Jack even wears out his welcome in some films, but not here. The supporting roles are superbly done, the tension in the plot is sustained well until the end, and when this shows up on cable TV I almost always watch it again for a half-hour or so. Here you find soldiers and the law and political correctness in conflict, and that reflects a lot of real life in the USA during the past four years. I enjoy the script, because it demonstrates how brain power sometimes wins out over brute force. 
One of the best movies I have seen!!! The subject itself forces you to look at your own limitations on anything that is out of your 'normal' boundaries. After watching this movie, you have a better insight on how limited most of us are and how this causes a lot more harm than we think it does. In terms of film quality, it is also one of the best I have seen. The actors are tremendous, the characters are so accurately portrayed that you actually feel the pain of each one of them. Of course, Ludovic's innocence is rendered beautifully, but the changes that the mother goes through are very emotionally charged (maybe because I am a mother myself???). She seems at first to be the most understanding of all when it comes to her son's differences, then goes through a confusion stage, and then tries really hard to understand him. But when her family's whole life setting (house, husband's job, social life) goes havoc, she closes down emotionally on her own son which is extremely painful to watch. After one final emotionally violent confrontation with Ludovic, she realizes that she's loosing him and finally sees him the way it should be: her beautiful child, nothing more, nothing less. It is also filmed in a very colorful manner (especially during Ludovic's escapes into dreamland), which accentuate the notion of Ludovic's innocence. The neighborhood setting seems to be a bit of a caricature of American suburbia (green front lawns, barbecue parties) with an European flavor (adults dancing at neighborhood parties). In any case, the movie seems to make a clear statement that intolerance seems to be most prominent in middle-class white surburban populations, which many could find this to be a bit of a stereotype. In any case, I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants something more out of movie than what is presented in mainstream movies. 
Even though I would agree that "Erin Brockovich" is an entertaining movie, Julia Roberts performance in it is no more Oscar-worthy than was her performance of a prostitute in "Pretty Woman." I am second to no one in enjoying a good "David and Goliath" story, but this movie has such shaky roots in reality, it is more of a tall tale, than the "true" story of a historic class action suit that, I would imagine, left more unhappy plaintiffs, than it did satisfied ones. However, as the movie title implies, this is indeed Erin Brockovich's story, in the same way that the "Xena" character is the main attraction in "Xena: Warrior Princess" (though it should be noted that Xena's wardrobe is considerably more modest than that of the Erin Brockovich character). Erin Brockovich is a vain, brassy, boorish, single mother of three young children, with no marketable work skills, a transparently opportunistic manner, who dresses very much the same way as the prostitute character Roberts played in "Pretty Woman" (prior to Richard Gere's character taking her on the infamous Rodeo Drive shopping spree). The movie's beginning finds Erin unemployed and pursuing a personal injury lawsuit in connection with an automobile accident; her lawsuit is lost, primarily thanks to her own disastrous testimony (swearing, cursing and shrieking from the witness stand) while being questioned by opposing counsel. Unbelievably, Erin parlays the failed lawsuit into a job at her attorney's (played by Albert Finney) firm, mainly by pushing her way into the office and ensconcing herself at a desk. Later, while handling the paperwork for a run-of-the-mill, pro bono, real estate sale, Erin discovers the file contains the seller's medical records, that, for reasons she (correctly) does not understand, seem to be of particular interest to the buyer, the mega utility company, Pacific Gas and Electric. Erin independently embarks on her own personal investigation of the case and discovers that PG had (for decades) negligently contaminated the ground water (surrounding one of their power plants in/near Hinkley, CA on the edge of the Mojave Desert) with toxic, hexavalent chromium. This discovery leads to the queen mother of all class-action lawsuits (at least in terms of the award), in which hundreds of Hinkley residents sue PG (by and through the representation of Erin's boss) in a toxic tort action that eventually nets a 330 million dollar settlement for the plaintiffs. Roberts gives a photogenic, if not especially gifted, performance in her role as Erin. The movie contains a plethora of flattering shots of Roberts (literally gushing out skin-tight, low-cut, bustier-inspired "work clothes" that would never be permissible attire for any employee of a law firm on this planet) as she engages in warm and fuzzy discourses with the unsuspecting and unsophisticated Hinkley residents. While there is much to be said for Erin's apparent drive and tenacity as she pursues the plaintiffs in the suit, she is not an especially likeable character; rather, she is rude, verbally abusive and only conciliatory and kind when and if it serves her interests. Albert Finney is considerably more appealing and believable as Ed Masry, the aged and weary attorney who is Erin's boss. The bantering that occurs between the two is generally amusing; unfortunately thanks to the inept direction and camera work, the focus for these scenes seems to be more on Roberts (strutting about in short leather skirts and noisy, five-inched-heeled mules) than on the sometimes-interesting personality dynamics that seemingly exists between the two characters. Aaron Eckhart plays the affable, gentle biker and next-door-neighbor, George, who becomes Erin's boyfriend-by-convenience. The "convenience" factor is totally one-sided and for Erin's benefit exclusively; she unabashedly uses George for free, live-in childcare, thereby giving her the necessary freedom to assist Masry as they put together the historic case. Erin eventually winds up receiving a staggering two million dollar "bonus" check (from Masry) when the tort action case settles; contrastingly, George gets a "thanks" for his nanny services from Erin and his walking papers. The plaintiffs in the case are an assortment of simple individuals with unpretentious outlooks on life, who have been dealt a dirty hand by the utility giant. Though the Hinkley residents are sympathetically portrayed, make no mistake-this movie is about Erin Brockovich (indeed, I do not think there is a single scene in which the chacracter is not present) and less about the brave struggles with life-threatening, generation-spanning illnesses that the real-life plaintiffs were forced to face, due to the toxicity in their water source. Erin Brockovich is presented to the viewing audience (in typical Hollywood fashion) as a sort of heroine; but in fairness it would seem more accurate to say that she was a woman who indiscriminately used people, walked on others when necessary and seized opportunity after opportunity until she eventually struck it lucky and got rich. Is the movie entertaining-absolutely. Inspiring- not even slightly. 
I ordered this guide so that I could understand all of the options and functions available on my new Nikon D200. Since it is a video that I could watch, pause, then continue watching it was easy for me to understand. The explanations made a lot of sense. There are lots of examples and exercises that help to explain not only how the D200 works but how to use the various functions to take better photos. I highly reccommend it 
Only the timidity of the studios could explain how this movie landed on the shelves without even a mention - It's up to word of mouth to save it. And it's certainly worth saving. Nobody does the "awakening matron" like Kathy Bates (see "Fried Green Tomatoes"), and her Grace Beasley is a delight as she finds her backbone and her voice. She needs it. Her daughter-in-law (Meredith Eaton) is an acid-tongued dwarf with no inhibitions, and Dan Ackroyd is the wettest blanket this side of the Johnstown flood. After being dumped by her husband, patronized by her son, and deprived of her grandson, Grace has no choice but to look after herself. Grace goes to England to attend the funeral of her idol - Jonathan Pryce in fine voice and having the time of his life - and meets his gay lover, Rupert Everett. After swallowing her shock, the unlikely pair returns to Chicago to track down Pryce's murderer. The performances are all fine, the pace is feathery, the music easy on the ear...It's all whimsical and preposterous, and the kind of movie that will have you laughing out loud when you're sitting home alone...The ultimate test of a comedy. "Unconditional Love" passes the test. Enjoy it and spread the word 
I thought this video was really going to encourage my toddler to use his potty but it didn't. This video has good songs and characters but it only has two short scenes where a puppet is using the potty. I was expecting a scene where the child can be taken step by step on how to use the potty. this video didn't do it, so I'm still in the search of a video that really enphasizes potty trainning. Todlers need visuals and actions, the bear on this video does more talking than actual actions 
QD3 has put out some good product before but thid dvd is kind of weak. The Roxanne battles, EPMD, KRS, Canibus, And Ice Cube vs Cyprus Hill was dope but the DVD feels incomplete. The Grandmaster Caz vs. The SugarHill Gang beef that can be found in the extras should have been in the main movie. I would love to hear Big Ban Hank try to refute what Caz says. The Royce/D12 beef was obviously a replacement for the eminem/source beef and word is the source punked them out of using the footage. Buy this used or at a discount but it's not worth the full pric 
Based on historical events which are still poorly undertsood, this movie depicts Werner Heisenberg and Niels Bohr - the titans of quantum mechanics in its halcyon days during the 1920s and 1930s - caught in an encounter which is a loose human analogy to Heisenberg's famous uncertainty principle (which demonstrates mathematically that you cannot know both the exact speed and position of a single electron). Drawing from the Tony Award-winning play by Michael Frayn (who also wrote Noises Off), the movie revolves around the dialogue between these two men (sometimes together with Bohr's wife) who meet in Copenhagen in 1942 when Heisenberg, the German, who has been placed within the scientific research progam of the Nazis in their quest to build a nuclear bomb, visits his mentor and colleague Bohr, the Dane who is living through Nazi occupation of his native land. There are deep unresolved questions about the motives of Heisenberg which the characters try to resolve in a series of talks and walks through the same park where the two physicists previoulsy stolled to debate the ideas which came to form the foundation of quantum physics. Set against a piano score which resonates with the inner sense of uncertainty and suspicion in the dialogue, the movie achieves some the things that the big stage does not allow, including flashbacks and scenes ranging back and forth between the park and Bohr's home. [Note: I enjoyed the movie as much as the play]. In an era where cinematic palates seem titillated mostly by fast action thrillers, this movie is another example of how well constructed dialogue makes for gripping cinematic drama when it goes hand in hand with superb casting and performance 
This show deserved to get cancelled, and there's a very simple reason. This is supposedly dry, subtle comedy for people who don't usually like dry, subtle comedy. It's a show that was presented to the FOX audience, an audeince that normally likes the most inane, low-brow kind of humor, that doesn't know what dry comedy is and would fall for a pitiful imitation of it. Meanwhile, to people who actually appreciate subtlety and dry humor, the so-called comedy in the show is unbelievably obvious and predictable. Every time a line is spoken on that show that is supposed to be a joke, it's clear how forced and contrived it is, how hard the creators of this show are trying to fake dry humor, something they clearly don't understand. It's embarrassing for someone with appreciation for humor to watch, because the jokes are so uninspired and fall so flat. It's just an awkward mess. But those aren't the people this show is targeted at. It's targeted at that FOX audience who has never even seen dry humor before, and so anything even resembling it is new and amazing to them. They think this show is brilliant because it's a little smarter than MAD TV, or at least thinks it is. And since those are the people who are seeing the show, you hear all these people raving about how brilliant it is. If the show were on HBO or some other network, exposed to a different kind of audience, you would hear a lot more negative response to it from people who like dry comedy that actually works. So why did this show get cancelled, when so many people think it's so amazing? If it's so great, people would have actually watched it, right? So where were the ratings? The fact is, the people who love this show are a very vocal minority. The audience for dry humor didn't watch this show because it's not funny. But the audience who was fooled by this show, as vocal as they are, was just too small: they were people who were encountering something other than inanity for the first time in their lives and thought it would make them look smart to pretend to like it. This is not one of those shows that was cancelled because it was too smart for TV, as its apologists claim. No, it simply was a completely unfunny failure that was only impressive to people who have never heard anything but fart jokes 
Season 1 of "Millennium" featured fantastic performances from its cast and a dark atmosphere that made "The X-Files" look sunny by comparison. Unfortunately much of that year ended up as little more than a "murder mystery of the week" fare. Thankfully the second season, supervised by former "X-Files" producers Glen Morgan and James Wong, changed all that. The second season began with the suspenseful 'Beginning and the End', where Frank Black pursues the mysterious Polaroid Man who kidnapped his wife. This episode also introduces the comic relief for Season Two, computer hacker Brian Roedecker. Even though 'The Beginnning And the End' would fit perfectly in Season 1, the subsequent episodes follow a different path that greatly improved the series. Starting with the second episode, 'Beware of the Dog', and continuing with episodes such as 'The Hand of St. Sebastian', 'Owls', 'Roosters', and the haunting two-part season finale 'The Fourth Horseman/The Time Is Now', we find out that the Millennium Group has existed since the beginnings of Christianity and isn't nearly as altruistic as Frank Black (and the viewers) originally suspected. In addition to the Millennium Group storyline, we also learn more about Frank's childhood via two holiday episodes: 'The Curse of Frank Black', a Halloween-themed tale where Frank encounters the ghost of a neighbor who committed suicide, and 'Midnight of the Century', an emotional story of Frank trying to mend the relationship between him and his father. In the latter we find out that Frank was not the only one with a strange gift, as his mother was blessed/cursed with the ability to see angels. Lastly the second season even showcased two comedy episodes: 'Jose Chung's DOOMSDAY DEFENSE' and 'Somehow Satan Got Behind Me'. These hours of television are completely different from the average "Millennium" episode (to say the least) but they're still worth a look nonetheless. I could continue rambling on and on about the greatness of Season Two, but you'll really have to buy the DVD set and form your own opinions. The DVD set does come with some bonus features, but the only one of worth is the Season Two documentary "Turning of the Tide". The rest of the bonus materials are second-rate at best 
The Replicant proves that Van Damme can really act. He again portrays two people as in Double Impact. He is both a villan and his DNA duplicate...hence "Replicant". Van Damme displays a great range of emotions as the Replicant like a child discovering the world. As the villan he's truly psycho. The feds make the Replicant of this serial killer called the Torch in hopes of learning how to catch him. The story line will keep you watching, in suspense and guessing. Don't look for all of the usual martial arts scenes here 
i FELL IN LOVE WITH THIS MOVIE ME AND MY HUSBAND. AND THAT IS FUNNY BECAUSE USUALLY WE DON'T HAVE THE SAME TASTE IN MOVIE 
This was the most obnoxious time waster I have ever witnessed. I kept waiting for the Monty Python Troup to show up. The acting was horrid. What was with the rocks and urinating on the door?? I found myself rooting for Grendel. Of the 33 people in the theater, 10 got up and left half way through. This was a story of great heros, not neurotic children. Too bad Gerard Butler's career has come to this. I hope the Beowulf saga ends here and no attempt is made to do a sequel as discussed in the director interview. I would have been ashamed to put my name on this piece of work 
I was so disappointed they cancelled this series. I was hoping that the SciFi channel would pick it up. Hope you science finction lovers got this one because it's GREAT 
This DVD has footage I had never seen before on TV. It has some of the best footage of the second plane hitting the towers. It not only covers the New York Disaster but also the Penatgon and Pennsylvania plus the war in Iraq 
I've been waiting for this season, literally, for years. It contained (notice the past tense) the funniest scene ever in the entire run of the show. It was in the emergency clinic in the episode "My Sister, My Sitter" where the scene pans around showing the patients. Smithers appears holding an empty gerbil cage and is the only patient not sitting down. When I first saw that, many years ago, I literally rolled off of the couch with laughter as my wife stared at me like I needed a padded room. She didn't even understand the joke when I explained it as an alternate lifestyle practice of "hiding" the rodent so as to make sitting down more than a little uncomfortable. This DVD cut has been cut and makes Smithers reply about not letting Lisa ahead of him make no sense. One of my favorite things about the Simpsons was that they didn't care who they offended. Well they went PC and now I'm highly offended! If they hadn't messed with it I would give them 5 stars, or more realistically I wouldn't have bothered to write this review. Quit tampering with the show, FOX!! 
This was a wishy washy attempt at the truth. The facts are there in parts and pieces, but it was not really put together well. Some of the choices of material are questionable as being truly valuable to the topic. This DVD had an agenda and is not unbiased, and I think it failed at it's overall agenda. There is more than enough information pre-9/11 and post-9/11 to put together something more worthy and accurate than this DVD has attempted to do. If this is the best contrasting evidence to the bush administration that can be produced after all that has happened in the white house and beyond, we are truly in trouble. The truth is out there, and I think this DVD tripped over them and kept walking without looking down and gathering all the facts together. There were plenty of important facts and things said worth listening to on this DVD, but this DVD is maybe worth a glance, but not a long hard look. 
i don't agree with anyone who thinks this season is awesome. most of the skits are only 15 minutes in length. once again cheap fox won't buy the music rights. there is sections (i think) that have been either doctored or just cut out. you'll be watching an episode and you'll see the screen mismatch up for a brief moment. you'll think it's your eyes but it's not. thank you fox for butchering all of the seasons of in living color. even though my review isn't that great i still believe that in living color was and is one of the best sketch comedy series on t.v. so they're all still worth buying 
I love Leslie Sansone's videos. She's quirky and a bit "ditzy", but her workouts are always easy to follow and fun; this is no exception. There have been previous complaints about her cues not being good enough, but I had absolutely no problems- even on my first try. If you don't want to miss a beat, pay close attention at first- you'll hear the directions. I bought this because I loved Walk and Jog so much. Walk and Kick is not quite as intense, but it still works up a sweat. For a day where you're not working quite as hard, this is a great workout for people interested in a bit of kickboxing (but not for experience kickboxers). I also saw complaints about Leslie saying some silly things about the size of her nose, dusting the floor, etc; this is classic Leslie chatter, and I personally think it makes the workout go faster. If you don't like the chatter of her other videos, you wont like this one. As an avid WATP video user, I give this one a big thumbs up. 
THE INCREDIBLES is a first-class animated film about a superhero and his family who are forced to seek the anonymity of a government witness protection program to escape a rash of lawsuits orchestrated by their enemies. Mr. Incredible has to endure the boredom of a job as an insurance claims specialist while his wife and children cooperate by also concealing their extraordinary powers in front of others. This is hardest on the children as they play with youngsters at school and on the athletic field. Eventually, Mr. Incredible is lured out of retirement on a ruse by a former foe. By now Mr. Incredible is older and fatter but he still proves equal to the challenge. The rest of the movie is filled with excitement and comical moments as Mr. Incredible finds himself in a tight spot from which only his family can rescue him. The cast is headed by Craig T. Nelson and Holly Hunter. Ms. Hunter supplies the voice for Elastigirl who is also the wife of Mr. Incredible. THE INCREDIBLES was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Achievement in Sound and Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen. Oscars were won for Best Animated Feature Film of the Year and Best Achievement in Sound Editing. In addition, THE INCREDIBLES won the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Animated Film 
Here is the reason why somebody like Bruce cannot be a God. Simply because the world would suck!!! And his life too. It's a very good movie. It shows that people can't always have what they want. Very interesting and unpredictable plot. Hilarious 
I teared up when I heard the music from the theme song to the Electric Company for the first time in 30 years. I grew up with this show and now my children are learning from it too. Thanks to whoever arranged to have it released on DVD. It was and still is a great show 
hyacinth bucket (pronounced bouquet) charges impestuously on, in her indomitable quest for gracious living. hampered as she is, ever so slighly, by the family she occasionally attempts to ignore and often dominate, our heroine carries on in traditional british style. this set is a welcome addition to any british comedy collection. sit down, grab a lager and put your feet up to enjoy....but not on the coffee table! and use a coaster 
Boring, boring, boring. What a "let down"! It's dated and just not good. It was torture sitting through this. Want a good SS video, go with What's the Name of that Song or the 25th Annivesary Celebration. They are great from beginning to end 
Sit down under a tree, give it a big hug, fire up you bong and go to sleep. That's what I was waiting for Freeman to do all movie. It's a shame that special effects that were so ground breaking were waisted on this Sci-fi Hippie flick. I'm surprised that Freeman's suit wasn't tie-dyed. Keep your money say no to drugs! 
"The Bad Sleep Well" is a forgotten gem from one of Japan's great masters, Akira Kurosawa. His other two Shakespeare adaptations, "Throne of Blood" (Macbeth) and "Ran" (King Lear), are much more famous and well-regarded, justifiably so if you have seen them ("Ran" is particular is my favorite of all Kurosawa films). However, this sharp and caustic adaptation of Hamlet deserves an equal amount of praise and recognition. It may be the most bleak subject matter that Kurosawa ever tackled - the corruption in the highest levels of government in post-war Japan. The film begins with a long but funny wedding sequence that illustrates Kurosawa's great skill as a director. We (and the camera) are among a group of reporters discussing the numerous convenient reasons for the marriage; the bride is lame and the daughter of Iwabuchi, the head of corporation, and the bridegroom, Nishi, has aspirations to elevate his status in the business. We see the comedy of manners play out in this sequence in increasingly humorous situations as the various parties deny these rumours and reporters comment to each other, culminating in the panicked looks on the faces of the corporate higher-ups as the wedding cake arrives - in the shape of their office building, Public Corp., with a red X marking a spot in one of the windows where one of their former partners commited suicide. It's a virtuoso sequence that perfectly sets up the tone of the rest of the film. The newspapers have a field day with this, especially when various members of Public Corp. are investigated for fraud and embezzlement, yet they stoically remain silent and the case goes nowhere. Then it heats up again as a few of them commit suicide; the rumours are that they were goaded into doing so (n fact, they were). However, without any substance to press the matter, the case is dropped. And that's when the real story begins - one of the Public Corp executives, Wada, survives and is rescued by Nishi and his shadowy accomplice, Itakura. This is followed by a brilliant scene in which Wada is taken to his own funeral and observes the farce - all the while, Nishi plays him a tape with Moriyama and Shirai, his former partners, plotting his murder. The way Kurosawa stages this is masterful; the sublime music emanating from the funeral is contrast dramatically with the cold-blooded words of Public Corp, as Wada listens on. One of the ways Wada contributes is to scare the living hell out of Shirai - Wada poses as a ghost of himself in order to freak out Shirai (a pointed but clever method of tying in the ghost in Hamlet). As the plot progresses, Nishi reveals his reasons for saving Wada and exacting a very personal revenge on Iwabuchi and his cohorts; the story's pace becomes more frantic and exciting. Technically, Kurosawa is at his best here. The wedding and the funeral are both marvels and they contrast each other perfectly. He uses a lot of intriguing mise-en-scene compostions for his interiors that serve to highlight his characters' inner thoughts but very little movement of the camera in order to manipulate his audience; the dark nature of the story is enough to suck you in. One of the fascinating observations in "The Bad Sleep Well" is that all of the characters are morally bankrupt and filled with secrets - even Nishi, the protagonist. His wife, the Ophelia character, is the only one that Kurosawa allows us to feel sympathy for, and even then in the end she is not fully spared her grief. Taken in this context, Kurosawa's Hamlet becomes a study in the morality and pragmatism of revenge but also an incisive jab at the fat cats in modern Japan. If there is a flaw in the film, it is that the overall pacing is not always brisk enough to sustain the long running time (2 1/2 hours). The wedding, despite being absolutely essential, is protracted; the rest of the film is much quicker but still drags in parts. Also, Kurosawa seems unsure about his ending; the film ends quite abruptly but appropriately in terms of his larger point about the hopelesness of fighting the rampant corruption, I would argue. However, despite these flaws, overall "The Bad Sleep Well" is a masterful and dark excursion into the seedy side of corporate crime, using Shakespeare Hamlet brilliantly but not completely as it's core. Toshiro Mifune in particular gives one of his most unique low-key performances; instead of his usual fiery exterior we get a performance full of internalized anger throughout. Highly reccomended 
Not only does the movie Signs offer a wonderfully different kind of alien/ufo tale, but its characters are very likable and the story is about much more than aliens from another planet. The story's true question is this: does everything just happen by chance, or is God caring for His children in ways they simply cannot understand? Signs is the story of hope lost, faith put aside because of intense pain and grief, and how one man's relationship with God affects the lives of those around him. We were amazed by how truly moving this film is, as well as how humorous it can be, and we were impressed with the acting of all the cast. Does everything just happen by chance, or is God caring for His children in ways they simply cannot understand? 
This was a wonderful story telling about the hard-working Italian immigrants that started their businesses in New York. Their determination, long hours, and love of family represent the values those immigrants brought to America. If you love to cook have an Italian heritage, you'll enjoy this film 
I cannot recall a time when I did not love this hilarious movie, which is my favourite from the 1980's by far. The superb Bette Midler and Lily Tomlin enjoy a magical screen chemistry in "Big Business",that reminds me of some of the great comedy teams from Hollywood's Golden Age. A total laugh feast from start to finish this film strangely doesn't seem to have a high profile as comedies go however it is recommended viewing for anyone wanting a good old fashioned belly laugh and to see a comedy with probably the highest number of side splitting one liners in living memory. The premise of identical twins being mixed up at birth and meeting years later creating amusing complications is a tried and try formula for comedy however in "Big Business", it is given a new freshness by the two leads who literally fly away with the material here creating an unforgettable romp that takes us from humble Jupitor Hollow to the height of New York's business world. The story begins in a flash back when wealthy New Yorkers Hunt and Binky Shelton are passing through rural backwater Jupitor Hollow when Binky goes into labour. At the same time locals Garth and Iona Ratliff also are expecting and both women give birth at the same moment and both produce twins which are not only given the same names of Sadie and Rose but are also mixed up. We move forward forty years to where Sadie Shelton is the corporate head of Moramax that is wanting to off load its ownership of Holomade, the local industry in Jupitor Hollow. Getting wind of their plans the militant Jupitor Hollow resident Rose Ratliff decides to go fight these "Pinstriped Trouser Snakes", on their own territory and Sadie eagerly follows along anxious to get out of boring Jupitor Hollow. Through a mix up they end up staying in the Plaza Hotel unknowingly right next door to their city twins where they discover such wonders as "sinks in the living room", and "soaps in the shapes of swans"! Complication piles on top of complication as Sadie Shelton's ex husband Michael (Barry Primus), can't believe the transformation when he mistakes the rural Sadie for his hard nosed wife and Jay Marshall(Michael Gross), can't for the life of him understand why Rose (Ratliff) is being so hostile towards him when he believes he is talking to demure Rose (Shelton). All comes to a head in the ladies room of all places where in a classic scene both sets of twins finally encounter each other and realise that there was a mix up at birth and that the two Sadie's are really the city Sheltons while the two Rose's are really the twins meant to be in Jupitor Hollow. The fast approaching stock holders meeting really puts the girls to the test when Sadie (Shelton), is locked up in a closet to prevent her from selling off her birthplace and its up to Sadie (Ratliff), to put all her watching of her idol Alexis Carrington in "Dynasty", to good use when in a hilarious moment she has to take over the meeting and turn the vote around from allowing Jupitor Hollow to be strip mined which she does beautifully. Classic comedy if ever there was in my book and it reminds me of the antics of the pair of identical cousins, on the classic 1960's comedy series "The Patty Duke Show". I dont think I've ever seen Bette Midler in finer form than in "Big Business". Her comic timing and facial expressions are first rate and her switch from playing the hard as nails Sadie Shelton who's all "hostile takeovers" to the naive and totally impressionable country bumpkin Sadie Ratliff who only wants to be able to say "keep the change!" is a revelation and will send you into tail spins of laughter. Her classic mirror sequence with her "twin", is a total riot and her statement that "this whole thing has got UFO written all over it!",will have you breaking up with laughter. Equally Lily Tomlin as both country activist Rose Ratcliff, "I'm gonna go kick some snooty New York Ass!", and as Rose Shelton the awkward out of place city girl "I hate shopping and I hate New York in June!",is also top rate. Her rejection of Jay's engagement ring as a supposed "bribe" and when she then refers to the poor puzzled man as a "great big belly scraping pile of cow plop!", is one of the absolute comic highlights of the whole movie and is a scene I never tire of replaying a dozen times with each screening I have of this movie. Of course with the two sets of twins winding up both staying in adjoining suites at New York's Plaza Hotel there are many hilarious moments when outsiders get the pairs mixed up. Two of my favourites are the unfortunate desk clerk's (Joe Grifasi), continual mixing up of Sadie Shelton/Ratliff which results in his receiving a broken jaw instead of the passionate night of love making he imagined, and especially Fabio Alberici's (Michele Placido), total confusion about just who are the women who he is supposed to be doing business with - one minute they are corporate killers, the next ladies too afraid to pick up a car phone! The hilarious crossovers of characters walking in one door and coming out as another is beautifully played out in the breakfast room scenes when both women (one from the country and the other from the city), seemingly sit down for two breakfasts each much to the total confusion of each other and also the staff. It is however the unforgettable one liners that are liberally sprinkled throughout the script that create the greatest laughs and congratulations have to go to both Bette Midler and Lily Tomlin for making them seem just as fresh and funny on the tenth screening as on the first. Classics like: "Im gonna dip him in flour and fry him in his own grease!","Oh my God it's so COSMOpolitan", "Oh sure its full of crowds, smog, sex fiends, and white slavers, it's a pistol, I've got about as much use for it (New York), as a Toad has for spit pearls!", "Computer chips, they've got their ways!", and "Have you got your brains and your balls in your briefcase?", are guaranteed to crack you up with laughter as each new misunderstanding presents itself in the convoluted script. Total escapism perhaps but this comedy never fails to get me laughing and coming back for more. It is a real pity that "Big Business", so far has marked the only time that Bette Midler and Lily Tomlin have worked together as the pair combine so well and would be wonderful together again in some other comedy vehicle. This film is a true comic treasure and can be enjoyed by all ages. I've been introducing it to my friends and family for years and the film now has many people as devoted and fanatical about it as I am! So I'd say to you that unless you have your brains and your balls in your briefcase get out there and find yourself a copy of this classic film soon if you haven't already. You wont regret it for one minute if only to enjoy these two comic legends, in Bette Midler and Lily Tomlin battling it out in a country values vs city profits laugh feast in "Big Business". Enjoy! 
What a disappointment! I remember Siskel and Ebert raving over this romantic comedy. Romantic, maybe, but comedy - never. Very predictable plot from beginning to end. And Rosie Perez was truly offensive. A few times I couldn't understand what she was saying. There is no way I could buy that she and Cage's character were attracted to each other. Maybe critics liked this movie because it had no sex, violence, or rough language. Although Cage does get shot in one hold-up scene. It was just that you knew what was going to happen every step of the way. I am beginning to Like Cage more and more as he ages. [ spoiler] I was really disappointed at the end to find out that the real people whom this story is based on were always happily married to their original partners. Either they shouldn't have changed it so much or they shouldn't have let us know about the real story it was based on.[end of spoiler] But Fonda and Cage were very engaging together 
This comedy volume is absolutely great. While I'm a fan of the series, I thought this volume was more cutting edge than the next. Definately don't watch Season 3 before seeing these seasons, because this is intellectual comedy that builds on previous episodes to some degree. It doesn't move as fast as some comedy out there, but it all fits together better than most of what is on TV today 
If you've seen Tortilla Soup, there is no need to watch this movie. This is just the Chinese version of the said movie. The similarities of these 2 movies are so prominent that it would actually be a waste of time and money to buy both - same characters, same plot only in a different setting. I got to enjoy the scenes with food, though... 
Having seen Stella's live show in Hollywood, I had a sneaking suspicion that I was going to love their Comedy Central show, and I was not disappointed. These guys have mastered the art of genius-disguised-as-idiocy, and nearly every episode is hilarious from beginning to end. I guess I'm not surprised it didn't last; this kind of humor isn't for everyone. But come on...we are talking about a network whose supposed hits include Mind of Mencia and Blue Collar Comedy, both of which are among the worst dregs that the comedy world has to offer. These guys have been making great comedy for a lot of years, and I hope to see them in another show or movie soon. Until then, I'll be enjoying Stella on DVD 
My girlfriend told me about this movie. Up until then I have never heard about it. This movie was alot better then I thought it would be. I enjoyed every minute of it. It kept me on my toes the entire time 
I was a fan of House(the first of the series) and so purchased the combo DVD set of House and House 2. I watched both movies with a friend recently and we decided that while House is pretty good, House 2 is definitely the kind of movie you waste an hour and a half on. It is really quite dumb, but some of the creatures(i.e. "catter-dog" as I like to call him) are kind of fun to see. I would suggest skipping the second House unless you just want to watch a movie to see how dumb a sequel can really be;- 
This was a wishy washy attempt at the truth. The facts are there in parts and pieces, but it was not really put together well. Some of the choices of material are questionable as being truly valuable to the topic. This DVD had an agenda and is not unbiased, and I think it failed at it's overall agenda. There is more than enough information pre-9/11 and post-9/11 to put together something more worthy and accurate than this DVD has attempted to do. If this is the best contrasting evidence to the bush administration that can be produced after all that has happened in the white house and beyond, we are truly in trouble. The truth is out there, and I think this DVD tripped over them and kept walking without looking down and gathering all the facts together. There were plenty of important facts and things said worth listening to on this DVD, but this DVD is maybe worth a glance, but not a long hard look. 
IN A NUTSHELL: UNDERRATED - UNDERVALUED - UNDEREXPOSED - Excellent submarine thriller with the added attraction of having been based on a true historic event! It is hard to believe how poorly this excellent film did at the box-office. Harrison Ford and Liam Neeson are ideally suited as Soviet naval Captains, and as believable as their rebuilt authentic K-19! Kathryn Bigelow who Directed and Produced the film did an incredible job, which can be better appreciated by viewing the 3 excellent featurettes that are included on the DVD. BOTTOM LINE: THIS NEW KIND OF SUB FILM IS A PART OF HISTORY If you enjoy submarine films this is one of the best. If you enjoy thrillers, this film delivers enough edge-of-your-seat tension and authentic submarine situations to satisfy both the submarine-movie and thriller-enthusiast in anyone. 
I gave this movie 1 star because it is not a true documentary. It falls more along the same fodder as "Spinal Tap". It is missing a counter point from GM. One could argue that Roger had chances to talk with Moore, but choose not to. One the other hand, Rogers missing interview is what gave the movie such an emotional hold. I believe that Moore counted on not being granted air time at GM for the production of this film. An interview would have killed the tone. Watch the nightly news NOW. Last night, March 22nd 2006, GM offered a one time buy out to some of it's employees. The news reported that GM cannot afford to maintain its relationship with the UAW (Just like what caused the Flint situation in the film). This same thing happened in the late 1980's and brought forth this extremely biased movie. This film is entertaining in a strange way, but should not be considered to be the absolute truth. Watch it with a grain of salt. For what it's worth, Under close examination, Careful consideration and Keen intellect, you will see a undercover message You might need to examine closely the content. Outwardly, things are not what they seem Until you look more closely. Many times the basic concept is Misread in the dialog Once you see this, and Open your mind to it, Rational thought will Emerge 
Can't remember when I've seen a film with more depraved and pathetic characters than this. A has-been silent screen star who lives in a sinister dark house surrounded by a gzillion of her own photos and a weirdo butler essentially kidnap a holiday screen writer, down on his luck. The writer wanders onto what appears to be deserted property, and hides his car trying to escape a Finance Co. The threesome make the creepiest trio you could ever imagine. In one early scene they have a funeral, casket and all, for a monkey. Yuk. Gloria Swanson was directed to play a woman who still thinks she can make a come back by writing her own script, though she despises movies that "talk". She waves her hands about, and makes strange corny expressions with her face in every scene. She falls for the screen writer, William Holden, and won't let him out of her sight. The film was made in 1950, and Swanson is supposed to be playing a woman of only 50, not exacty over the hill (if we look at many of today's movie stars.) But she's treated in the film as though she much, much older. I thought she was supposed to be about 75 or so, but her age is mentioned towards the end of the film. My heavens, at 50 she could still be in movies, and from the amount of money she apparently had, didn't need to be living in such a dark, creepy house. Film didn't make sense. Sorry I bought it. It was ridiculous. 
If you're a fan of vampires, werewolves, action, or gothic suspense, this is probably a movie you'd be interested in checking out. While it's not a groundbreaking film, it's a highly entertaining one, and one that, for me, is something I can rewatch several times per year. The filming is very attractive. Everything is dark, yet not so dark you can't see what's going on. The movie has a gothic look to it - from the sets, to the costumes, to the lighting. (Please don't mistake the meaning of gothic in terms of entertainment as the same thing as the gothic lifestyle.) The music, mostly heavy rock, fits in well with the movie. And the action sequences are expertly shot and exciting to watch. The movie uses several techniques made popular by "The Matrix", but who cares? It works perfectly within this movie. The only downfall of the movie is the complete lack of humor...there's not a single joke in the entire thing! Everything is so serious and dark that unless you're in a pretty good mood the movie could really bring you down...that's how heavy it is. As for the set. The added scenes provide more insight, and the special features are a treat, especially the 45-minute documentary "Fang vs. Fiction", which talks about vampires and werewolves. It was very intriguing. If you're a fan of this movie and you own the DVD already, I would recommend selling it and buying this version, it's worth the money 
See how the creative process works when making the world's best selling album ever. Great insight on the a band coming together as one. Interviews are great 
This is the first time I have ever purchased a "The Firm" dvd. I was really disappointed in this one. Many of the moves are not properly explained. Some movements target only one side of the body and they don't bother having you switch sides to work the other. (really obvious in the salsa style section) It took a few times of doing to get all the moves right, but even after that it barely raises the heart rate. The warm up leaves much to be desired. The cool down continues the "dance" movements but at a "slower" rate and stretching the neck for one second on each side and the inner thigh for one second here and those are not enough to even make you realize that you are stretching. I am used to Denise Austin workouts, that are half the length but you actually feel like you did something when you are done. Not so with this "workout" at all. Definately a waste for someone who isn't just starting out. 
This DVD contains the basic techniques of Krav maga system. The techniques include attacks with hands (mostly punches with closed fist, but also hammer punches), elbows, knees and feet. There are some counterattacks and defences also included. At the beginning of the film they talk about angles of attack, target areas and stance movement. As a DVD extra, they present focus mitt combinations to utilize in your training (they mention that they will produce an entire film on the subject in the future). It is worth mentioning that they don't teach, or even mention the correct falling technique at all. Also, I think they should have taught also palm strikes, but for some reason they were left out. As palm strike is almost as effective as punch with a closed fist, but much more safe for your own hand, it should be included in everyones' arsenal. When instructing kicking techniques, they mention casually that you can kick also to the head. I think that they should have warned against that, because in real life, kicking above your own waist is considered risky, and generally not advisable. The presentation of techniques varies from fair to excellent, the average being of good quality. In some techniques I learned some nuances I had not grasped in my Krav maga classes. Each technique opens up with a dramatized scene in which the technique is used. After that they present the technique at full speed, and after that in slow motion, and finally in learning stages. For some reason, they have chosen not to use slow motion of a full speed presentation of technique. Rather, the person presenting the technique is moving in slow motion, according to the instructions of off-screen narrator. This makes somewhat amateurish impression of the production. Speaking of production, it is fairly OK. The film is shot with only one camera, but for the most part, it is shooting at the right spot. The techniques are presented in a studio against a black screen, but the dramatized scenes are shot in loading docks, restaurants, parking lots and so on. They use two narrators who take turns with narrating the techniques. The other narrator is International Krav maga federation head instructor Eyal Yanilov, and the other is U.S. chief instructor Darren Levine. Yanilov does not speak very good English, so from time to time it is hard to grasp what he is saying. Otherwise the production is good, and it's easy to understand the techniques. As a Krav maga practitioner myself, I like the system. In this film, they have succeeded in presenting the basic techniques very well. There are some shortcomings, though, that reduce one star from the rating of this film. Run time: 1:2 
What really bothered me about Hudsucker Proxy: Capitalism is the wonder of the world providing food and subsidence to everyone, even Communist slaves and Fascist toady's under a democratic people; yet, Hollywood insists on blasting Corporate Culture, when the overwhelming majority of businessmen are not only honest, they are exemplary. So much Hollywood talent and money wasted on a bad idea, so what else is new? The Coen's have jumped the shark with this take off of the American Screwball Comedy of the 30's. I cringed every time Jennifer Jason Leigh tried to imitate Katharine Hepburn's classic gargle. The poor actress may have destroyed her career with this stinker. I can't stand Tim Robbin's politics, but must admit that he is the best actor to play a fool in the movies. He almost carries this farce. Paul Newman; however, is collecting a check. He's been collecting checks since the 50's. His salad dressing stinks too. I'm amazed at how much money the Coen's command in Hollywood on such flimsy pitches. I loved Fargo and enjoyed The Big Lebowski (not as much as some cult fans), but this film, why did they bother? 
FYI- this is the "retail-friendly" edited version of Guys Gone Wild: Heatstroke to show less raunchy material, making it acceptable at mainstream retailers. Be sure to get "Heatstroke" instead if you want the full uncensored version of this title 
Oh my. I love this movie. It even makes me cry. It's sexy, cute, and heartwarming. Yes, it's a little bit hokey but what musical isn't? I am so excited to get this! I love this movie. I'm a huge musical fan and I've been waiting years for this one. They must have finally convinced whomever had the rights to release it on DVD. I don't know but I'm really excited! One Hundred Million Miracles! I love that philosophy. It makes me happy and it's a miracle that this is finally available. Get your kids/teens to watch it! 
While viewing the DVD Elizabeth I, we noticed many imperfections requiring restarts and/or interruptions of our viewing. This is the first DVD that we have ever seen with imperfections. It was very distracting while trying to view this excellent movie 
All of us have a dark side. Unfortunately AUTO FOCUS focuses on this small subset of actor Bob Crane's life and expands it out of proportion. In doing so the movie reduces the other voluminous and interesting aspects of Crane's life and career as window dressing. Even the screenplay is, at best, an uneducated guess at the evening escapades of Bob Crane and John H. Carpernter -- since both are deceased with the former murdered and the latter the twice-accused murder suspect. In viewing this film I knew that it would involve some of Crane's extracurricular activities. My interest in the film was as a HOGAN'S HEROES fan and hopeful that the movie would spend more time on the back stage politics and production of the successful six-year series. Bob Crane's professional credits alone would make for a good film. AUTO FOCUS unfortunately revolves around Crane's so-called "secret life" and is little more than a product for the risque film crowd. Facts are facts and there are established truths about Bob Crane's private life. AUTO FOCUS, however, should be approached as a fictionalized story straight out of a grocery store scandal magazine. You are better off spending your time and money buying the DVD releases of the HOGAN'S HEROES television series. 
The Grapes of Wrath is a great movie, perhaps one of the best I have ever seen. However, having read the book, I notice that some of the most interesting parts of the story have been left out. By taking out these crucial, yet quiet scenes; the movie has a faster pace than the book. In the movie, Grandpa died suddenly. The only explanation for his death was that he had a stroke. In the book, the preacher, Casy, explained to the family members that the old man could not leave his land, his home and his way of life. Casy explained that Grandpa was spiritually dead when he left his house, and it did not take long for his body to also die. This shows the great sacrifice that the Joads must make in order to survive. In the movie, it just seems that they pack up, leave, and arrive, without any moral dilemmas. Grandpa dies in another family's tent, not just on a blanket by the road. This is important because in the book it symbolizes the way people have to help one another in times of need. In the scenes in California, the pace slows down a bit, so I can feel the details of the book surface in the movie. With the events leading up to Casy's death crisp and clear, I could understand his death as brutal murder, and Tom's speech about him carrying on Casy's work beautifully taken from the book. I really loved these scenes, because unlike most of the movie, these scenes do remain true to the book, and because of that, they are full of detail, and you can see the hand of Steinbeck at work. Despite all of these forgotten scenes, the Grapes of Wrath is one of the best movies of all time 
This definitely is one of the best movies to own!! If you haven't seen it yet, you should... If you've seen the movie "Blood In, Blood Out", then you should definitely see this one... if you haven't seen either one, then i reccommend you buying them both as a combo pack or separately (if you want to save $$)... I don't know which one i love more out of the two, because i know i've watched each movie more then 30 times... Both movies are pretty similar to each other... but "Blood In, Blood Out" kinda focuses on the 3 brothers, and the paths each of them takes, where as "American Me" focuses on the paths of the main characters in this movie (like Santana, Puppet, Lil' Puppet, etc).. but not only does it show their lifestyles, but it also focuses on how its having an effect on their families, and how their families feel about the life that their kids are leading... "American Me" i think involves more of the family in this picture and culture (La Raza) then "Blood In, Blood Out" does... it also shows its origin, like the Pachuco's (Zoot Suit's, Zoot Suit riots).. This movie is pretty close to 5 stars in my book... To me i think it definitely is 1/2 star better then "Blood In, Blood Out"...becuase this one seems to have alot more of a story line to it, and more characters its focusing on... both in and outside the prison walls.. If you're not sure about owning it, rent it first... but i can pretty much guarantee that you'll eventually end up owning it 
"Killing Me Softly" has one of those scripts that just don't give the audience a break - not only does it set up an improbable situation, but the big "twist" at the end is also mind-numbingly predictable (unless perhaps you haven't seen a thriller before in your life). The chemistry between the two leads is also lacking; Fiennes brings some physical magnetism to his role but as far as his acting is concerned, he's an inexpressive bloke, while Heather Graham is ALL TOO expressive - she overemphasizes every emotion her character is supposed to feeling by making faces at the camera. Besides, she's not even that attractive; even her co-star in this particular film, Natascha McElhone, blows her out of the water in that department. The ending is like when you have a 'jawbreaker' candy in your mouth, sweet and good in the beginning but when you get to the inside its bitter and sour. It was obvious towards the end of the movie that it would turn out like it did, I have seen quite a number of bad movies to figure it out so quickly In spite of all that, Chen Kaige's direction is good, and he creates some suspenseful moments. So I give the film a generous "** out of 5" rating. But if you're a Heather Graham fan you will like this movie since she is nude in many scenes; and for Joseph Fiennes fans you'll receive half naked perks. 
I never saw this movie until i was 16. The girl i was dating at the time loved this movie. The rocky horror picture show was number one on her list so i tend to compare this one to that one not that the storys are similar in any way. But they do have one thing in common they are both horrible movies. I did give this movie two stars because it had some slightly entertaining moments, well so did fraggle rock! fraggle rock got cancelled for a reason! everyone burn your copies now 
How he gets away with it I will never understand.Orson Welles was a Clown who dedicated his life to food and to criticize art in all of its forms.(that's what you do when you can't make art)Don't worry,there is always Rossellini,Fellini,Renoir,Bergman,Dreyer... ... 
The Fridays gang steals some diamonds. Mike Epps is not Chris Tucker no matter how hard he tries to be. His constant whinning is enough to ride my last nerve. Plus, everything about the movie is just campy and just wholly unbelieveable that I don't know where to begin. Whatever you do don't buy or rent this garbage-wait to catch it on TBS or something 
Dubbed and renamed. See the original Swordsman II instead 
This workout was very hard for me to get into; I became very bored by it. The moves were challenging but the routine was blah. If you are a beginner, this is not for you. You are better off purchasing "Quick Fix Stability Ball Workout" no matter what your level of fitness. 
I cannot recall a time when I did not love this hilarious movie, which is my favourite from the 1980's by far. The superb Bette Midler and Lily Tomlin enjoy a magical screen chemistry in "Big Business",that reminds me of some of the great comedy teams from Hollywood's Golden Age. A total laugh feast from start to finish this film strangely doesn't seem to have a high profile as comedies go however it is recommended viewing for anyone wanting a good old fashioned belly laugh and to see a comedy with probably the highest number of side splitting one liners in living memory. The premise of identical twins being mixed up at birth and meeting years later creating amusing complications is a tried and try formula for comedy however in "Big Business", it is given a new freshness by the two leads who literally fly away with the material here creating an unforgettable romp that takes us from humble Jupitor Hollow to the height of New York's business world. The story begins in a flash back when wealthy New Yorkers Hunt and Binky Shelton are passing through rural backwater Jupitor Hollow when Binky goes into labour. At the same time locals Garth and Iona Ratliff also are expecting and both women give birth at the same moment and both produce twins which are not only given the same names of Sadie and Rose but are also mixed up. We move forward forty years to where Sadie Shelton is the corporate head of Moramax that is wanting to off load its ownership of Holomade, the local industry in Jupitor Hollow. Getting wind of their plans the militant Jupitor Hollow resident Rose Ratliff decides to go fight these "Pinstriped Trouser Snakes", on their own territory and Sadie eagerly follows along anxious to get out of boring Jupitor Hollow. Through a mix up they end up staying in the Plaza Hotel unknowingly right next door to their city twins where they discover such wonders as "sinks in the living room", and "soaps in the shapes of swans"! Complication piles on top of complication as Sadie Shelton's ex husband Michael (Barry Primus), can't believe the transformation when he mistakes the rural Sadie for his hard nosed wife and Jay Marshall(Michael Gross), can't for the life of him understand why Rose (Ratliff) is being so hostile towards him when he believes he is talking to demure Rose (Shelton). All comes to a head in the ladies room of all places where in a classic scene both sets of twins finally encounter each other and realise that there was a mix up at birth and that the two Sadie's are really the city Sheltons while the two Rose's are really the twins meant to be in Jupitor Hollow. The fast approaching stock holders meeting really puts the girls to the test when Sadie (Shelton), is locked up in a closet to prevent her from selling off her birthplace and its up to Sadie (Ratliff), to put all her watching of her idol Alexis Carrington in "Dynasty", to good use when in a hilarious moment she has to take over the meeting and turn the vote around from allowing Jupitor Hollow to be strip mined which she does beautifully. Classic comedy if ever there was in my book and it reminds me of the antics of the pair of identical cousins, on the classic 1960's comedy series "The Patty Duke Show". I dont think I've ever seen Bette Midler in finer form than in "Big Business". Her comic timing and facial expressions are first rate and her switch from playing the hard as nails Sadie Shelton who's all "hostile takeovers" to the naive and totally impressionable country bumpkin Sadie Ratliff who only wants to be able to say "keep the change!" is a revelation and will send you into tail spins of laughter. Her classic mirror sequence with her "twin", is a total riot and her statement that "this whole thing has got UFO written all over it!",will have you breaking up with laughter. Equally Lily Tomlin as both country activist Rose Ratcliff, "I'm gonna go kick some snooty New York Ass!", and as Rose Shelton the awkward out of place city girl "I hate shopping and I hate New York in June!",is also top rate. Her rejection of Jay's engagement ring as a supposed "bribe" and when she then refers to the poor puzzled man as a "great big belly scraping pile of cow plop!", is one of the absolute comic highlights of the whole movie and is a scene I never tire of replaying a dozen times with each screening I have of this movie. Of course with the two sets of twins winding up both staying in adjoining suites at New York's Plaza Hotel there are many hilarious moments when outsiders get the pairs mixed up. Two of my favourites are the unfortunate desk clerk's (Joe Grifasi), continual mixing up of Sadie Shelton/Ratliff which results in his receiving a broken jaw instead of the passionate night of love making he imagined, and especially Fabio Alberici's (Michele Placido), total confusion about just who are the women who he is supposed to be doing business with - one minute they are corporate killers, the next ladies too afraid to pick up a car phone! The hilarious crossovers of characters walking in one door and coming out as another is beautifully played out in the breakfast room scenes when both women (one from the country and the other from the city), seemingly sit down for two breakfasts each much to the total confusion of each other and also the staff. It is however the unforgettable one liners that are liberally sprinkled throughout the script that create the greatest laughs and congratulations have to go to both Bette Midler and Lily Tomlin for making them seem just as fresh and funny on the tenth screening as on the first. Classics like: "Im gonna dip him in flour and fry him in his own grease!","Oh my God it's so COSMOpolitan", "Oh sure its full of crowds, smog, sex fiends, and white slavers, it's a pistol, I've got about as much use for it (New York), as a Toad has for spit pearls!", "Computer chips, they've got their ways!", and "Have you got your brains and your balls in your briefcase?", are guaranteed to crack you up with laughter as each new misunderstanding presents itself in the convoluted script. Total escapism perhaps but this comedy never fails to get me laughing and coming back for more. It is a real pity that "Big Business", so far has marked the only time that Bette Midler and Lily Tomlin have worked together as the pair combine so well and would be wonderful together again in some other comedy vehicle. This film is a true comic treasure and can be enjoyed by all ages. I've been introducing it to my friends and family for years and the film now has many people as devoted and fanatical about it as I am! So I'd say to you that unless you have your brains and your balls in your briefcase get out there and find yourself a copy of this classic film soon if you haven't already. You wont regret it for one minute if only to enjoy these two comic legends, in Bette Midler and Lily Tomlin battling it out in a country values vs city profits laugh feast in "Big Business". Enjoy! 
i have not seen this movie, nor do i EVER want to. i've only seen the previews on tv and read about it in previews. why do i think it's probably one of the stupidest, pointless movies on the face of the earth?, because i bet just about every guy who's had trouble getting girls watched it, took notes, and believed each and every single thing that was in this movie, and believed every sentence that was in this movie where you got to hear the woman thinking out loud in the movie. i bet many guys took this movie way too seriously. well, i bet some of the stuff said in there where it has the woman thinking out loud was garbage. not all women are the same, and not all men are the same... you can't believe every thing a woman says. not all women want what that one individual woman wants and some women lie. but hey, nobody's perfect. every guy had individual tastes too, and guys lie sometimes to. i for one, as far what i finad sexually appealing with a woman's appearance, like women who are a tad bigger. i like'em to weigh about 140 to 160 lbs. if they're around 5'5" to 5'7". yet there are guys who like petite women(i personlly don't know why). there shouldn't be a movie that tries to help guys get girls. the movie title "what women want" was just wrong. i bet many guys thought of it as the gateway to seriously improving their game if they're looking for a date. i personally think guys put way too much emphasis on trying to find out what women want. i don't think that should be necessary. i think it's ridiculous. i think the guy should be himself like the girl is practially all the time and just feel good about himself. not every girl is going to be into every guy... i think self-confidence is probably the most important thing for a guy to have when trying to get women. i'm a guy and that's my opinion... 
Richard Dryfuss and Holly Hunter are fabulous in this wonderful remake of "A Guy Named Joe". Full of great flying, laughs with John Goodman, and a special appearance of Audrey Hepburn in her last film. You'll love it 
I consider myself a huge pixar fan. This is easily the most insipid Pixar movie ever. Pixar ran out of pixie dust while making this one. I have read the rave reviews and am scratching my head trying to figure what it was that they like about this movie. Pixar, if you are listening, please, please, dont embarass yourself by dishing out this sort of c-grade stuff. I expect more from you 
This is a very emotional film. It induces emotion in the viewer, and for that I give it five stars. I'm more interested in constructive criticism than in praise, so even though I think it is an excellent film, I will just focus on what I think is wrong with it. One problem is that Blanche DuBois is simply too pretty for the role. We don't understand, on a gut level, why this beautiful girl would worry about hiding behind dim lighting. The script makes it clear that she is supposed to look "old", and yet she doesn't. That's a fault of the film. It makes her final passionate scene with Karl Malden incomprehensible. He holds her up to the light, she looks very pretty, and yet we are supposed to believe that she looks terrible in bright light. For that I blame the director, Elia Kazan. What in God's name could he have been thinking of, and why did he mess up so badly on that important detail? Another important fault of this film is that Stanley Kowalski's attack on Blanche isn't set up properly. Are we just supposed to believe that he is an animal, and chalk it up to that? Sorry, not good enough. We should have seen it coming. Again, another big mess-up by Kazan. When the script has the characters doing something that doesn't ring true, there's a problem. We needed to see that attack being led up to. We needed to think "Oh my god, I know what he is about to do." Stanley Kowalski is actually the good guy throughout most of the movie. All of a sudden it turns. It's incomprehensible. Somewhere between the writing, directing, and acting, somebody dropped the ball somewhere. The Stanley Kowalski who attacks Blanche is not the same man who appears earlier in the film. He's not an "animal". He's not set up that way for us. Blanche is the snob, and Stanley is okay, but that is turned on its head at the end. Insanity is a nice little copout. We can make our actors do anything, and just say okay, they went nuts. Very touching, but not very realistic. How does someone go insane? What stages do they go through? Blanche's descent into insanity, into an inability to tell reality from fantasy, should have been more realistic, more researched, more consistent with the way it actually happens. It does happen to people, people who are extremely bipolar, people who are schizophrenic. More research should have been done, to show what the descent into insanity actually does look like. I have high standards, but that's a good thing, I think. Still, I've given this film five stars 
i cannot get thru this one. i started fast-forwarding but there didn't appear to have any good spots. when i saw that christian cammpbell was in this, i thought, this has to be good. i had just finished a movie where he starred. can't remember the name of it. i guess a person should never buy a movie because of who stars in it. tori spelling is well known, but not to me. someone should have put her out of her misery right from the start. she does not play a flake very well, and i don't know what to call her except a flake. i stopped this dvd in about the first 1/2 hour and will go back and give it another shot, but with tori spelling as one of the leads, i already know this one does not have a prayer. i would say; save your money on this one unless you are under 13. i have a ton of straight and gay movies that tell a story and a couple or few that don't. this one falls into this category. one that came with this one was "the broken hearts club" and while not my cup of tea it was far superior to this piece of garbage. 
I have to say that I was not familiar with any Darkman comics, or had had any other contact with the character apart from this movie so I cannot compare the character to other sources. Therefore, coming from someone that did not "know" Darkman prior to the film I have to say that the movie was quite a disappointment! There are the obvious comic book characteristics that one finds in these types of movies, like the Shadow, Batman etc, which is interesting. Nevertheless, Darkman was quite a disappointment considering the make-up of the cast: Liam Neeson, Larry Drake, and Frances McDormand among others. It is the story of a scientist who falls victim to a group of gangsters resulting in his horrendous disfigurement. In an effort to exact revenge, he makes use of his latest invention in order to appear like his targets/victims.... In short, the acting and the plot are average (nothing great), while the dialogues are way below average. The movie falls into the action/adventure/horror type of category. The characters are, overall, bland and just plain uninteresting (e.g. Rick Anderson played by the "fool," Ted Raimi, from the Xena series). Though the potential for a good movie was definitely there it fails to take off. A shame really... In a nutshell, it's not a movie you would want to add to your collection, but it might provide for an evening's entertainment, and that's about it. No masterpiece here... 2 Stars 
I was not in a rush to get this, almost forgot I ordered it, so it was a delight when it arrived, thank you very much for a smooth and speedy transaction 
I Loved the the fact the whole family can watch it 
The video in this DVD looks as though it was put through a simple computer program that decoded it for going on to a DVD disc. A standard 4.7GB disc, by the way; that's what you'll get when you buy this. I say this because I've used those programs before and know how they alter the video. This is how they alter it, and how it looks on this USA release of the DVD: Skin color is too red. Dark (shadowed) areas are greenish. White/beige is pinkish. Grey is bluish. White has blue on it. The colors are just totally messed up. Evidence of grey being blue = look at Robert Duvall's uniform (you'll see him 3 minutes into the movie). The german uniform is a semi-light grey. It is too dark and filled with blue. Then look behind him at the wall. A lovely dark shadow of green. Evidence of white/beige being pinkish, when Robert Duvall walks into that office, look at the walls. They should be a kind of white/beige color but they are not a shade of white at all, they are pinkish. As he walks into the office to sit down, you see curtains on the wall in the office. They are supposed to be white, but they're filled with blue. At 48 minutes into the movie, you see Donald Sutherland sitting in the grass with the character Molly. His suit is supposed to be black. Look at it. It's purple. That is not black. On top of all that, the movie is too dark. There should have been a brightness/contrast adjustment. If you pay attention to dark areas in the movie, such as fixtures around a room or an office, most times, they are pitch black and indistinguished. For example, look at desk drawers, telephones, vases, black hair, black jackets..even Robert Duvall's eye patch. Not much shading, usually pitch black. I've read that this movie apparently was not remastered for the North American release. I plan to get the Region 2 (Europe) release. I'd rather do without watching it on my TV and watch it on my computer in better, "proper" quality. 'Nuff said 
Had this movie on VHS and my family wore it out.!An unexpected gem in the Harry Potter tradition 
One of the productions of which he is the most proud, Robert Redford's ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN should be required viewing (and the Woodward/Bernstein book should be required reading) for all who aspire to the profession of journalist. Redford was fascinated with the story of two young, untested newspaper reporters who worked and worked and worked the story of the Watergate break-in until it led to the highest office in the United States. Redford's involvement actually went back to the first news of the bungled burglary, so he followed as the story developed. He got to know Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein when they were still at ground level, still unsure as to where this would all lead, but all three knew that it smelled of very big dirty politics. Redford has always been a political animal, with a reporter's instinct, and several times he has been able to bring a story to the screen to illuminate the American political climate. Earlier, he and director Michael Ritchie had made THE CANDIDATE, a very funny and acid look at how politics changes even the most well-meaning of men or women (and a film well worth your time). It took two years of hard work to get ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN off the ground. It was turned down by several studios, with the excuse that people were tired of Watergate, but he was finally able to get Warner Bros. to say yes, provided Redford himself would star. Dustin Hoffman was enlisted to play Carl Bernstein, Redford's old friend Jason Robards won an Oscar as Washington Post Editor-In-Chief Ben Bradlee, Jack Warden was cast as Editor Harry Rosenfeld, Martin Balsam was Editor Howard Simons, Jane Alexander was Judy Hoback, bookkeeper to the Committee to Re-Elect the President (C.R.E.E.P.), Ned Beatty was Martin Dardis, who provided an incriminating piece of hard evidence, Stephen Collins was Hugh Sloan, whose wife Debbie (played by Meredith Baxter) kept his conscience working on the right side, Robert Walden (who would go on the the fine television series LOU GRANT) was Dirty Trickster Donald Segretti, and Hal Holbrook was given the pivotal role worthy of any spy story: the mysterious Deep Throat, who helped Woodward along in a darkened parking garage whenever the trail led to a brick wall. Of course, we now know that Deep Throat was the FBI's Assistant Director W. Mark Felt, an old friend of Woodward's and a man torn between his loyalty to the FBI and the need to shed light on some very dirty goings-on. Redford asked Alan J. Pakula to direct and Gordon Willis to handle the cinematography, and they crafted a look that is part documentary, part thriller. (If you get a chance, also see Pakula and Willis' THE PARALLAX VIEW, starring Warren Beatty. Another outstanding, scary political film.) William Goldman, who won an Oscar for BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID, wrote the tight, exciting screenplay for which he won again (this was actually the fourth time Redford and Goldman had worked together; Goldman also adapted Donald E. Westlake's THE HOT ROCK, a very funny caper film, and the poignant THE GREAT WALDO PEPPER, which was out for a short time on DVD in Pan and Scan, but is now out of print and really should be seen in its beautiful Widescreen splendor. Universal, where are you?) The efforts of all the principals to adhere to reality down to the smallest detail makes ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN a smashing success. It succeeds as an exciting, suspenseful procedural, as a statement on the neccessity of a free press, as a character study, and as a great movie-movie. The double-disc DVD set is the one to buy: the first disc includes a new transfer of the film in crisp, clean 1:85 aspect ratio picture and sound with a very enlightening commentary by Redford himself. The second contains three new short documentaries on the making of the film, on Woodward and Bernstein, and on Deep Throat. There is also a vintage 1976 documentary on the making of the film, and an interview with Jason Robards on the Dinah Shore show. A deserved landmark in film and in journalism, ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN is a must-see and for all who aspire to what journalism should be, a must-own. In our darkest hour, when all seems obfuscated and hopeless, it reminds us that light can be brought to bear. People CAN make a difference 
This movie isnt worth the time to read this review. It sucks and I'm a big Trinity fan. My advice is keep searchin 
Picasso is one of the giants in the history of Art and surely THE artistic genious of the 20th Century, but this renders him boring and repetitive. It was done while he was alive, and has him "painting" little cartoon-like "works" that were done only for this DVD...one...after...the....other ad nauseum. This is Picasso as celebrity entertainer cartoonist, not the edgy artist genius of Les Demoiselles d'Avignon and Guernica. It looks as if he's painting with magic markers on screen and the action is speeded up so it looks like a cartoonist at work. I turned it off after 30+ interminable minutes. Fortunately I rented it on Netflix, which I'd recommend, rather than buying it 
This should be called the "John Ford tiny collection", as most of his major films are not included. Even "John Ford the early years" would at least alert customers to the fact that this is only a small sampling of Ford's work. Shame on Amazon for their collaboration in this matter, and for advertising the John Wayne/John Ford collection so closely that it is easy to mistake one for the other. 
The Long Long Trailer is a good movie but Too Many Girls is when Lucy and Desi were very young and thin but the movie Too Many Girls is awful and Forever Darling is awful 
We enjoy listiening and watching this DVD on our HDTV. We play this when have friends over with the volume low and find them humming or singing along 
Casts were chosen by the author Hemingway himself. That short comment on this film opening was really the miracle. Particularly Gary Cooper as American dynamiter Roberto and Ingrid Bergman as hapless young girl Maria could happen only through the number of miracles. SPAIN IN YOUR BACKYARD As the movie opening says shooting took place Sonora Pass in California not in Spain. Isn't it ironic because Sierra Nevada Mountain Range itself was named by Spanish reminding them of the homeland mountains when they occupied the part of California. BONDED BY MOVIE DEAL At that time movie actors were strongly tied by contracts and that prevented both Gary Cooper and Ingrid Bergman from the role Hemingway wanted on the film. To win him the movie company had to pay huge money and Maria took it by accicent. She even cut her own hair to be Maria eventually sacrificing the next movie role. DELETION OF POLITICAL ASPECT That is why the movie became successful and became a very entertaining one. The movie focus on the love development between Maria and Roberto which was excellently shown though a bit old-fashioned. Bergman's Maria was so natural and you can see how far she was into the role. But the time provided another politics: American hero fighting against Dictatorship an ally of Nazi and Facists. That worked far better than any of government sponsored war propaganda I suppose. SUPPORTING ACTORS and ACTRESS Supporting actors and actresses did the job quite well particularly I think ANSELMO was well performed. PABLO was also nicely acted particularly Pablo grinning at the scene of falling snow is truly scary reminding me of Jack Torrarence of SHINING. PILAR is a bit of letdown but not bad. THE ENDING I suppect there was alternative version where Roberto could survive but the ending place it quite vague. Old fashioned theatrical ploy. I see why BUTCH CASSIDY and SUNDANCE KID ends the similar way. THE BRIDGE Why must an American explode the bridge at THE BRIDGE AT RIVER KWAI? The answer might be here. REAL AMERICAN DYNAMITER Hemingway might have probably heard of the story of American dynamiter somewhere and combined his own self to create the hero Robert Jordan. THE GOOD WAR interviews the model of Robert Jordan, Irvin Goff. It is said Maria was created by the image of Ingrid Bergman. Verdict: Very entertaining movie Rating: 91 out of 100 The presence of Ingrid Bergman alone contributes 10 point plus. Recommended for any of classic movie fans 
Hard-bitten cop John Kimble (Arnold Schwarzenegger) gets more than he bargained for when he goes undercover as a kindergarten teacher to pursue murderous drug dealer Cullen Crisp (Richard Tyson) while at the same time protecting the man's young son. Pitted against a classroom full of rowdy, 6-year-old moppets whose monkeyshines try his patience and test his mettle, Kimble may have finally met his match ... in more ways than one 
I liked the shows when the 1st ran on tv; the unrated didn't quite live up to my expectations 
The professional reviewer missed the main point of Jeffrey's dilemma. He's not so afraid of getting AIDS; he's afraid of falling in love with a man who then dies of it. Most people figure a 50% chance of dying before their spouse; but taking on a person with a known, fatal disease throws those odds way out of kilter and creates a desperate, poignant situation. Steve Weber is no gayer than George Bush but he certainly is an enthusiastic kisser. This was the first film I saw Michael Weiss in and he totally had me convinced he was gay. I knew Patrick Stewart isn't, but his performance is dead on. Overall, a very funny movie with a big, big heart 
This movie is really good for the pre-teen who is struggling to make the right choices. I thought this movie was great! Im hearing that now girls as young as 8 are having oral sex because they want to be popular/cool and I like this movie because it shows the consequences of doing the wrong thing just to be popular. Every young girl needs to see this one 
These are the best dvds out there for babies because they are full of live action animals, people, flowers, water, etc. I got them for my daughter when she was about 3 months old - she loved them then and she still loves them at 6 months. They are perfect for the car for long trips to visit grandparents, and for afternoons when I need a break to cook dinner. She laughs at the kids on the video and loves the animals, too. The best part of course is the Christian music! These videos are top quality and my daughter loves them - she gets bored very quickly with Baby Einstein. 
This is not about Riverdance. This is about what this disc did to murder it. I popped it in, expecting to seemy favorite dance scenes (while conveiniently skipping the singing), when all of a sudden I'm at the finale. All I could say was "WTF?!", "WTH?!", or words to that effect. This "SuperBit" edition cuts out half -- HALF -- of the scenes this performance had to offer, including (but certainly notlimited to) Riverdance and Trading Taps. Not only that, but (unless the "high def" only works for high-end TVs) the video quality is equal to my old VHS copy. I sincerely hope this problem only occurs on my copy, but I suggest to get a refund webpage ready, because the atrocious product I received royally screws this great perform up the --- 
This movie was not only subject to some good acting by some great actors, it was also a well written tale of of young woman who grew up too soon. I feel like I know Miss Holiday a whole lot better now 
The opening strip scene is reminiscent of Barbarella - too bad those aren't Basinger's legs though. Nerdy scientist falls for galactic beauty as presented by Kim Basinger. I have never understood Ackroyd's characters. And keeping in form, he is once again as unfunny as mud. Basinger tries so hard - too hard - to rescue this film, but that's no small task considering the ineptness of this way silly film. OK so she munches on batteries, and thinks she has to cook everything in the kitchen at mealtime. She seems a genuine Betty Crocker given that her favorite foods are nuts and bolts. Jon Lovitch also tries to prop up Ackroyd and this weak script. However, his contribution seems way overstated to me. He doesn't have much to do. Funny are the scenes inwhere the teenage girl eventually decides that her step-mother is not like other people. Basinger's character has a magic purse with an annoying creepy critter in it who tells her what to do. Think, Jar-Jar Blinks. I suppose it's OK as a backdrop for housecleaning. But that's it. Flat and mechanical 
This is a classic musical that I grew up watching on network tv. It has the great love story for the girls and the cool gaget car for the boys. I bought it to share with my kids and they loved it 
I am a recovering alcoholic with 19 years of continuous sobriety. "My Name is Bill W" is a visual textbook I use to introduce new sponsees to the concept of AA. A very helpful indoctrinating tool for the newcomer 
A fun musical comedy, THE TROUBLE WITH GIRLS isn't the usual Elvis Presley film but it's completely charming with it's faithful period recreation and fine supporting cast. Presley plays Walter Hale, manager of the traveling "Chautauqua" tent-show, circa. 1927, who gets mixed up in the lives of the residents of the latest town to host the show. Hale finds himself falling in love with Charlene (Marlyn Mason), organiser of the children's activities; whilst trying to help local single mother Nita Bix (Sheree North) when she murders her nasty married boyfriend (Dabney Coleman). Presley's numbers include "Swing Down Sweet Chariot" and "Clean Up Your Own Backyard". It's certainly a lot better than some of the other Elvis films from the same period; and seeing Elvis in a more traditional musical is a great treat. Marlyn Mason, probably one of Presley's most formidable leading-ladies, is stunning (and her rendition of "Sign of the Zodiac" is a knockout). Nicole Jaffe (as the amorous hotel clerk), Vincent Price (eccentric speaker "Mr Morality"), John Carradine (as a colourful Shakespearian actor), Joyce van Patten (disgruntled former channel swimmer Maude) and Edward Andrews (as Hale's beleaguered assistant) are also fine. Fans of classic TV shows should keep an eye out for Anissa Jones ("Family Affair") and Susan Olsen ("The Brady Bunch") 
Though I'm still a big South Park fan, I do think that the quality of the show has progressively declined over the past three seasons. This season has its standouts, most notably the truly demented Christmas Critters episode, but it also has incredibly lame episodes like the dance off and election episodes. To make matters worse, Matt and Trey put next to no effort into providing any extras for fans who pony up top dollar for the dvd collections. A show like the Simpsons not only has more episodes per season and sells for the same price but the people involved in the Simpsons go the extra mile to satisfy fans: full episode commentaries with writers, producers, directors, voice actors, etc as well as deleted scenes and other special features. Matt and Trey provide generally uninteresting "mini commentaries." No doubt about it, the boys are just generally "phoning it in" at this point, seemingly caring only about continuing their franchise and maximizing their profits for as little effort as possible 
I hate to trash on an American Classic... but this was truly horrible. I thought my son would like this due to the flying car. It took hours of TORTURE to get to that scene. Horrible, horrible film. Mindless, drawn-out banter, and weak story line. Our copy eventually broke (stepped on?) --- we felt SOOO lucky to have it gone. "One Star" seems like a generous rating 
Wasted talent. None of the characters are believable in the roles they are portraying. Some funny stuff. Craig Ferguson can do better. Charlotte Church should stick to singing as acting is not her forte. Every thing in this movie seems forced and there is no chemistry between the characters 
As with vol 1, I bought this for my wife, and she is thrilled with it 
I have seen many pathetic films in my life. This topped them. Did I rate one star? Sorry- I meant negative 11 stars. It was the absolute worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life. It was a total waste of three hours when I could have been sleeping. There was no point. The script and storyline were pathetic. The gore was overdone- too much blood, killing, and the like. It was totally historically inaccurate, and the Civil War scenes were so grossly unrealistic that it was laughable. All Civil War veterans are rolling over in their graves. Any scene that was supposed to be touching was pathetic. One of the abolsute bombs was when Clint Eastwood fires off a canon twice with his cigar- yet he does not even load it- either time. And somehow, without even aiming the canon, he knocks his 'friend' off his horse. The movie is a failure. F-A-I-L-U-R-E. Crappy. Junky. Just plain DUMB. STUPID. PATHETIC. I am not going to waste any more words on it. Just....whatever you do....save your money. Don't buy it. It's not worth 50 cents 
I really enjoyed Season 1 but from the look of this we're never going to see other complete seasons released. Why release the best of Seasons 8, 9, 10 when you've never released the complete seasons? What about complete seasons 2,3,4, etc. Cabana Chat with Rodney Dangerfield? Phil Lamarr's impressions of Michael Jackson, Prince? Little Hassan Taylor's Greatest Hits? Darlene McBride? Vancome Halloween? The "Wash me" video parody of Alanis Morissette? "Lick my baby back behind" video parody of Britney Spears? The "Love muffin" video parody of Mariah Carey? The Bush Cheney rap video parody. The UBS man goes to the video rental shop, etc.? Afropuffs cereal? The early MadTV was a little savage at times but that's what made it funny. I feel it's appropriate to issue the best after you've put out the complete seasons. Of course maybe there were legal problems. Some of the humor was pretty savage! I guess if you can find it in syndication then make your own. 
Great story. Great actors. Beautiful scenery and colors. My favorite movie 
Why is this movie a classic? The plot line was nonexistent, and the characters were completely unlikeable.The implication that Annie Hall was a lesbian didn't make any sense! Woody Allen's character was completely freeky and there was not a single purpose for him being there. Come to think of it, THERE WAS NO PURPOSE FOR THIS MOVIE!!!!!! So save yourself and never watch this film 
It is hard to believe that the same team that made Gettysburg made this verbose waste of time. This movie almost guarantees that The Last Full Measure will never be filmed and that is a shame. It was a mistake to take Stephen Lang and put him in the role of Jackson. Jackson was considered, even by his contemporaries, a military genius but crazy by half. The film missed the mark with their attempt to show his religious convictions and his devotion to duty. Lang had him speaking in long winded prose that sounded like bad soap opera dialog desperately trying to be Shakespearean. The prayer scene in the morning? PUKE! It could have been a voice over with battles scenes or soldiers marching, or anything else rather than what became just a terrible scene. Most of the "women" folk of the south were equally sappy and long winded, and I hate to say it but I was glad when the too precocious for words overacting child died of scarlet fever I was glad to be rid of her. Her scenes should have been left on the cutting room floor. I get it Jackson was "such a warrior and a peaceful lover of children at the same time what a diametrically opposed individual" give me a break, I hate being force feed like that. A better Director could have gotten the same point across quicker and more subtly. Then there is Chamberlain quoting Shakespeare while all around him look off to the distance with thousand yard stares. There is supposedly 4 to 6 hours of footage lying around to this film. I would love to see it reworked by a better director into what it should have been. A narrative like Gettysburg that goes back and forth between a few central characters in a logical sequence without all the ham fisted attempts a proselytizing and all the noblesse oblige. If you must see it borrow it, rent it, but don't waste money buying it unless it is in the $3 bin at the local dirtmart. Gettysburg is much better. I actually missed Sheen and I hate that guy 
the movie is good except this version has been editted and cut out sceens, very disapointtin 
I had often heard about Degrassi: The Next Generation. I went on to the show's website often, even though I didn't get the channel it shows on. I knew as much about the show that everyone else did, and I didn't even see the show. So after a year or two of trying to figure out how to I could see the show, I heard that they were making a DVD, and I was so excited! I ordered it on ebay a few months after it came out, and it was fairly priced. I watched all of it in a day, and I was ecstatic. This show is all about what it is really like being a teen. Nothing fake, but not over-dramatic. Giving life lessons on everything, like internet relationships, the effects of using ecstasy, presssure (beer), family, rumors, first dates, and all sorts of things. Season One is especially perfect for prettens and early teenagers because it is based around a group of 7th and 8th Graders. Of course, through the Seasons, the characters face changes and more dramatic situations, but somehow, there is always a Season for teens and Preteens of every age to relate to. And that's what everybody likes about the show. This DVD also includes auditions for most cast members, which are fun to watch, bloopers and deleted scenes, which add more to the episode, and a karaoke of the theme song which is also very fun. With cast and characters biographies, you can tell that the creators of the DVDs put as much into them as possible, and it pays off. 
While Roman Polanski was avoiding authories in America in 1988, he managed to put together a superb suspense thriller. It stars Harrison Ford in a rather unique role; that of a doctor, an every man type such as Jimmy Stewart in "The Man Who Knew Too Much" without the Indiana Jones hype. Although filmed 18 years ago, it seems more contemporary that ever. A fine thriller that even Hitch would approve! What is NOT contemporary is the fact that we consumers here in Region 1 - North America, that's right, Canada too, get nothing but JUNK GARBAGE from the releasing studios. Lousy, grainy transfers in the edited Pan Scan format; not fit for anything but a 7" DVD personal viewer, MAYBE! Why is this and most any other post-1953 movie presented in it's original aspect ratio available in Region 2 - Europe but not on this side of the pond? Disney is by far the major offender in this area but hey, what say you Warner Bros.? It was always thought that the mighty oceans would protect us from our enemies, both foreign and domestic. 9/11 proved that wrong, and I guess nobody though of Hollywood as a band of American Home Video terrorists, a silly statement but ever so true! This Region 1 DVD release of "Frantic" says it all 
I love Sandra Bullock movies. In this movie she is so innocent and falls in love with a man she has never spoken to but saves his life on the CTA. In the time that he is still in a coma his family, thinking she is their son's fiancee, fall in love with her. She inadvertantly falls in love with his brother. I jus love the Cinderella story line. She is fantastic as well as the family and especially Bill Pullman 
Dull and pointless. How could Jennifer Aniston read this script and think that doing this film was a good idea? We had to turn it off about half-way through. Shallow, boring, superficial; take your pick. It's like a contest--which character's life sucks the most. If you're going to depress people, at least make it interesting. Would it have been so hard for the writers to mix in a PLOT with their nihilism 
I was amased at how very well acted, directed and written this movie was. The dialogue was sharp and you might have to watch twice to get all the subtle quips. Everyone was well cast. It is great movie for anyone and transcends the lesbo-film cliche. It transcends because the themes are universal and you forget it's a "gay" movie. If you hated "Go Fish" like I did, you'll love this movie and go "whew" for this film - it saves our lesbian cinema souls! Buy it! you won't be sorr 
Ok... this series isn't exactly like the Final Fantasy games, but the elements are there. For instance, you have chocobo's, you have cactuar's, you have the summoning of Guardian Forces (which by the way look really cool), you have character's which have too much power for their own good, and a journey. This journey is that of Ai and Yu's search for their parents, where they are accompanied by Lisa Pacifist, a woman who possesses the cool power of Kigen Arts. During their journey, they see and do many wonderous things in wonderland (I wont say anymore, I dont want to spoil too much of the plot). I have this product rated as 4/5 stars, but actually i think there it should be 4.5/5 stars. I really enjoyed this series, but I dock it .5 points because the time length ADV gives the series to be is inadequate. They say it is total 625 minutes, where actually each episode is 22min 45 sec, thus 22.75 min * 25 = 568.75 minutes long total length of series. Anywho, if you like final fantasy, i suggest watch this series 
He thought the columbine incident was about gun control. It was not. It was about anger and bullying. That is the problem. That is what would have fixed that problem. We need to help children be better to eachother or problems like this will keep going on. It is worth seeing because it is interesting, but he is wrong on this one. Micahel Moore is a good director but people are not always right 
I just finished watching most of it, and it's not too bad. The thing that most struck me is it doesn't take very long to see which were the eras for Superman that had the most influence on Bryan Singer. He spent quite a bit of time explaining how hard it was for them to get Superman started, then we're quickly through the comics and the Kirk Alyn eras, then it slows down for a long retrospective of the George Reeves years, both in Superman and the Mole Men and The Adventures of Superman, then it blows through again through the comics and the animated series of the 50s, 60s and 70s, then stops again for a lengthy study of Superman: the Movie, then briefly about Superman II, Superman III, Superman IV: The Quest for Peace and Superboy, then briefly on Lois Clark: The New Adventures of Superman and Superman: The Animated Series, and then we slow down again for a lengthy study of Smallville, and then it becomes a big commercial for Superman Returns. Or at least that's how I perceived it. Singer's got great respect for George Reeves, Superman: The Movie (and Christopher Reeve), and Smallville ... and that's pretty much it. Most anything else, he quickly blew through as if it were completely non-consequential. Well, except for his own movie, but I expected that part; produced by Bryan Singer and narrated by Kevin Spacey, you'd have to be pretty stupid not to realize that at least a chunk of it would be dedicated to selling the new movie. I had to turn it off at that point. Not that I disliked Superman Returns, but as soon as Kevin Spacey said how the actors in Superman Returns were "perfect" for their roles and then began discussing way-too-young Kate Bosworth as Lois Lane, I started getting nausiated. I will give credit, they were remarkably honest with their assessments of the various projects. I loved it when Annette O'Toole, a self-avowed fan of the character who played Lana Lang in Superman III and Martha Kent on Smallville, expresses shock that there was actually a Superman IV ("There was a Superman IV!? I never saw that one!" - she didn't miss much); I thought it was refreshing that though they never got nasty about stuff, if a movie was a disappointment or a comic storyline flopped, they pretty much admitted it. And I liked that Ilya Salkind was willing to take some of the blame for the bad blood that happened behind the scenes of Superman: The Movie and Superman II; it reflected well on him that he didn't just blame Richard Donner, as he might have been apt to do while they were doing their fighting back in the day. But I do think it needed more balance. We didn't need to spend quite so much time watching clips of George Reeves or of seeing Christopher Reeve with his sweat stains; those moments and the stuff from Smallville could have been trimmed down nicely to give more time to other elements, perhaps more of The Animated Series/Justice League Unlimited era or to Lois and Clark. There were also some moments where they went back to talking about the comics, even though it was periods where nothing significant was happening in the comics; as if someone said, hey, we haven't acknoweledged that the comics are still in production at this point, we should say something. Thus too making the whole thing feel dry and unbalanced. BTW, I recognized a comic from my own personal collection! There's a three-panel shot at one moment where the ground is scorched into the "S" symbol, then a hand comes up out of the dirt and then Clark appears and walks off. I have that comic -- it's an alternate storyline issue, the first time they kill off Superman and in the same issue, Superman and Lois wed (and this was all long before Doomsday). It's actually a very cool story. 
Harold Ramis's "The Ice Harvest" wallows in mid-market crime and holiday angst, but never really hits either the comic or noir heights to which it aspires. All the ingredients are there, but ultimately the movie lacks spice. In some movies, it works where all the characters move at a slow pace - "Nobody's Fool," for example. But a dark comedy needs some pep, and "The Ice Harvest" doesn't have it. A lot of that blame falls on the shoulders of John Cusack, one of my favorite actors. He is at his best when he is riffing one of his intelligent-yet-soulful monologues, like in "High Fidelity" and "Say Anything." Here, Cusack's job is to look morose and make the occasional comment - he may speak the fewest lines in any film he's made as a leading man, and that's a shame. Billy Bob Thornton tries to liven up the movie in his scenes, but the menacing actor is off-screen for huge swaths of time and his absence is felt. The same with the entertaining Oliver Platt, who plays a drunken buffoon as well as anyone - he's enjoyable on-screen, but when he's not there, we miss him. The bar is set pretty high for holiday-as-setting-for-dysfunction movies. None of the exchanges rise to the visceral heights of the husband-wife spat of "The Ref," for example. The movie is filled with small-time hoods who all seem hung-over or depressed rather than moved to exercise their savage wits. Instead, we get an ominous film that in many ways tries to evoke "Fargo" or "A Simple Plan," but doesn't get anywhere close. There are a few laugh-out-loud moments that I won't spoil that keep the movie from being a complete waste of time. But all in all, the movie is a downer, and when the winners are finally revealed at the end, it feels less like a triumph than it does a ho-hum conclusion. Throughout the movie, I kept wondering if this would have been a much more enjoyable movie where we got to see what was actually going on inside the minds of the characters . . . there seemed to be many scenes where the actors kept the best lines to themselves. Petty crime can be highly enjoyable, but not in "The Ice Harvest." 
Period dramas are, by definition, delicate commodities: they're balanced on that, ahem, "razor's edge" between high brow and just plain fussiness. I think "Howard's End" is a case of a robust novel buried in tea time and English lace. Milliners, set designers and Helena Bonham Carter's hair stylist had their job cut out for them on this one 
I saw this movie before I read the books. The books are much funnier, and contain so much more than was able to be put into the film. Still, I liked the film and especially Baby Sunny. I thought Jim Carey was an excellent mad uncle after the family treasure and his facial expressions (as always) brought the character to life. I think that even though many things were cut from the first three books of a long series in order to put it all into a feature length film, the essence of the story was captured, and is entertaining. But I do recommend reading the Series before or after watching the film 
While Elmo going to the doctor is a good part in the video, that is not the only good thing about this one. It features several shorts with cartoons and different characters. My favorite part of the video (and my daughter's) is the part featuring Ernie and Bert. Ernie decides he is going to be a doctor, and needs Bert's help so he can practice doing the things doctors do. Bert just wants to know if he is healthy, and after putting him through several tests, Ernie says that he doesn't know if Bert is healthy or not because he isn't a doctor-but he just needs 23 years of school before he can tell him if he is healthy or not! The cartoons are funny, and there is a never before seen Elmo's World at the end all about doctors, too. Very cute 
If there was ever a movie that exposed the hypocrisy and meanness in people, this would be it! Mrs. O'Hara, beautifully played by Mia Farrow, doesn't trust Edwina, the new beauty that's come to town. The two battle it out, with Edwina coming out the loser in the end. Or does she? If I said any more, I'd be spoiling the story. Just watch this movie, and enjoy. Things are never what they seem, and I promise the ending will be worth staying for 
I love good underrated movies, they make you feel like you're part of a priviledge club of connoisseurs. I'm not a movie buff, but Deep Cover has all the elements you would expect of a classic : great acting, memorable lines, interesting ( and logical ) plot and a decent ending. Laurence Fishburne is at his best in his role of an undercover cop slowly crossing the line between pretending to be a drug dealer and pretending to be a cop. Jeff Golblum is one of those actors you either love or hate, and I loved him playing the dirty lawyer laundering drug money. There's a great chemistry between the two and the supporting cast, which to me, was one of the main weakness of New Jack City. The use of Laurence Fishburne's character as the narrator works wonder, and somewhere between the slow, dark wailings of the movie theme, the nightime shots of downtown LA and Laurence Fishburn's poetic lines, the movie grabs you into a world, an urban jungle, crowded with nightime vultures, heartless killers and hopeless junkies. Deep Cover is somewhere between Fables and magical realism, a place where reality exceeds fiction. A great movie, the DVD is so so, almost no extras, and the picture quality is good, without being great. 
This disc is like a Whitman's candy sampler: It has a lot of different things... but a lot of the things you don't really want. The film covers kids, high schoolers, college ball and college recruiting/pay controversies, ABA, NBA through all its decades, Harlem Globetrotters, the street game and inner-city stars, country boys, Indiana basketball, retired old timers hanging in Florida, current stars, marketing (are there ANY hoop videos that don't talk about sneaker brands), public relations, fireworks, cheerleaders, guys on trampolines, women's basketball..... Whew. None of these subjects is studied in depth. If you've followed basketball for a while, you know and have seen most of this. The subject sampling seems to jump all over the place, so it would be hard to hit chapters to see just what you want. I'd rather see a DVD star profile (Jordon, Iverson) or NBA at 50 or Spike Lee's movie, or Hoop Dreams, etc. 1 Love is such a sampler it feels like the disc should come free with the purchase of a Wilson basketball. Or it seems like something you'd see on Sunday TV, after most people have turned off their sets when the real game ends. In short, 1 Love is a decent sampling, but nothing to sink your teeth into 
Their music is great, the videos aren't the most amazing thing I've ever seen. I listen to the b-boys quite a bit, but I don't find a video dvd to have much replay value 
This really isnt a bad movie if you havent read the book, if you have read the book then think of this as another story based on the same subject. i understand that a book to movie will leave certain things out, and i accept that, but to completely change the ending is not excusable. What was wrong with the way the book ended? Like i said if you havent read the book you will like this movie although they do solve these very complex puzzles after a glance at them(even though they hide a very very valuable secret that will change the world). If you havent read the book or seen the movie do yourself a favor and pick up a copy, its a better story and its cheaper if bought in the paperback, if you dont have time to read it then get it on audio disk or tape 
I own several Real Wheels movies and thought I would give this one a shot. I found the picture quality to be less than I expected and the footage seemed out of date. The narration was dull and boring, and the children's voices screaming the number of the truck to be annoying. I would recommend any of the Real Wheels series instead of this - they never fail to please my 3 1/2 year old truck lover 
This movie is a classic. If you haven't seen it or heard of it, buy it now 
An excellent total body toning workout by two motivating (and non-annoying) instructors. This is a perfect workout to add to any workout regime. Highly recommend this 
The Thin Man movies were funny and sophisticated when they came out and remain so. It seems rare today to find such rich dialogue. 
I thought this was an excellent coming-of-age movie. Very poignant in parts. Love the soundtrack as well! These Days is an especially beautiful song 
Let me just preface my review with the fact that some of my favorite movies are incredibly slow and even "boring" to my friends. So it isn't the glacial pace of this movie that so bothered me. It isn't the unresolved ending that bothered me. It wasn't the violence (in short bursts.) It wasn't the acting (the acting was pretty good actually). But as a whole this movie was simply a tremendous failure. I didn't care who was sending the tapes and I didn't care what would happen with the main characters. They were unrelatable on just about any level. This movie is the kind where you will see a remotely interesting twist in the plot about 3/4's of the way in and you'll think, "wow I wonder where the story will go next". And then it doesn't. That was it. Very disappointing. I don't mind excruciatingly slow films as long as there's SOME kinda payoff in the end. I really don't understand all the acclaim that this movie got. As a "suspense" movie or as an "art" film it fails pretty miserably. The premise was a good idea that went nowhere...slowly. Viewer beware. 
Enjoyed Leary's Rescue Me and The Job so much but was really disappointed in his stand up - not funny and over done 
"GO" takes place in a 24 hour period on christmas eve following 3 of the main characters and events. all 3 stories intersect with each other with excellent results. sharp focus on details and time line construction make this a worthy watch! totally original, well scripted, superb performances. if you enjoy this kind of movie, check out "2 DAYS IN THE VALLEY", or "THINGS TO DO IN DENVER WHEN YOUR DEAD". 
The first thing you will notice with this one is the strange animation. It's hard to even describe really... But expect some disoriented backgrounds with some CGI thrown in. The plot however, is excellent. The main focus is about a author is going around collecting ghost stories. He constantly runs into a trio of outlawish justice seekers. They do what is called "committing" someone for their sins. These first 4 episodes deal with single episode told stories but all are great. This anime is highly reccomended for the horror fans out there 
I found this movie very poor and totally a waste of my time. It's plot needs to be rewritten and it does not contain a deeper meaning. The ending was very disapointing and without proper conclusion. Denzel Washington did a great job playing the detective and John Goodman is a very good actor yet the other charaters did not do thier job and was poorly acted. My recommendation is to stay away from this movie and save your money. Buy somthing that has a good plot. D- is my ratin 
As an American I find this video showing the incredible distruction and the first responders who are operating at the scene of this enormous tragedy compelling. To think that this terrorist attack actually happened on our soil is truly unbelievable. Another reviewer from France states that the footage is nothing special! That is the furthest from the TRUTH! I guess the he believes that the terrorist attack never took place! This is an HISTORIC Document that should be seen by every American! 
Don't bother wasting your money if you think you are upgrading like I did. The earlier ARTISAN release is still much better than this special edition. The image is better and ALSO the sound. I don't know what Lions gate thought they were doing, but remastered? no. I compared both several times before writing this even though I only had to compare once. Might as well wait for a HD DVD to come out, this is a waste unless you want the additional features 
This is a great documentary. Alex Jones is not a nut, just very passionate about the quality (or lack) of our governments. Our leaders are swine, and so are our neighbors if they continue to be willfully ignorant of these truths. 
These were the first two with Captain Kirk. I have to admitt that I own all 40 volumes. Yet I still may get the box sets. Each episode runs for 50 minutes. Longer than a 45 minute episode of The Next Generation, but shorter than the unaired 63 minute pilot; The Cage 
Before anything else, I agree with those who say that Keaton's shorts are all good; but I strongly disagree with those who say that they are better than his better features. What usually happens with comedy is that people sit down before the screen and just say: OK, make me laugh. Keaton's features are funny -but they are also, and more important, beautifully shot, superbly acted and perfectly structured -which is something only the best actors/directors can put all together. There are no cheap sets like in most movies of the 20's. Keaton's characters move in the real world, with real things, and that's part of what makes them lasting and unique. In your shelves, Keaton shouldn't share his place with the Marx Brothers, but with Orson Welles (who called The General the best movie ever made about the Civil War) and Martin Scorsese (who said he watched over and over the final fight in Battling Butter -which, by the way, is not supposed to make you laugh, but to surprise you with it's realism) Now, this are the complete contents of this DVD set. Aside from it, you should check out The Buster Keaton Collection, which includes THE CAMERAMAN, SPITE MARRIAGE and FREE AND EASY - and then you are done. Well, you could also read the only book he wrote -My Wonderful World of Slapstick. (June '06 Update: "Industrial Strength Keaton"(DVD) just came out. The set includes rare industrial films, promotional films, commercials, TV appearances and outtakes.) The Saphead: 1920 Includes the shorts ONE WEEK (1920) and THE HIGH SIGN (1920) The Three Ages Year: 1923 Including THE GOAT (1921) and MY WIFE'S RELATION (1922). Our Hospitality / Sherlock, Jr. Year: 1923/1924 The Navigator Year: 1924 Includes shorts The Boat (1921) and The Love Nest (1923). Go West Year: 1925 Includes THE SCARECROW (1920) and THE PALEFACE (1921). Seven Chances Year: 1925 Shorts: Neighbors (1920) The Balloonatic (1923) Battling Butler Year: 1926 Includes THE HAUNTED HOUSE (1921) and FROZEN NORTH (1922). The General Year: 1926 shorts: The Playhouse (1921) and Cops (1922) College Year: 1927 Includes THE ELECTRIC HOUSE (1922), HARD LUCK (in this version the ending is missing; but the complete version is found in the disc called Keaton Plus) (1921) and THE BLACKSMITH (1922). Steamboat Bill, Jr. Year: 1928 shorts: Convict 13 (1920) and Daydreams (1922) Keaton Plus Year: 1920-2001 Color home movies, complete short HARD LUCK, two Shorts from the 30's, commercials, TV shows and appearances. But best of all, Orson Welles talking about Keaton and The General 
