As one reads Peter Pan, one doesn't have to do much thinking to figure out why its story has achieved such worldwide acclaim. I had ridiculously high expectations of Mr. Barrie's imagination before purchasing this title, and he has fulfilled them completely. Many parts of the story are nothing but nonsense, which I enjoy above all else. Mr. Darling, the head of the Darling family, commands his children to take their medicine after he hides the medicine he's supposed to take. He brags about how noble he is for drinking a medicine that tastes so much worse that theirs. Unfortunately for him, during his bragging his medicine is found, and the whole family agrees to take their respective medicines on the count of three. Sure enough, when three is reached, everyone except Mr. Darling takes their medicine, and Mr. Darling once again tries to hide his. This kind of scenario is what I'd call Mark Twain nonsense. You can imagine it being true, even though it's quite high up on the ridiculous scale. Then there's what I would classify as over-the-top nonsense - AKA bull - which there is plenty of in Barrie's original story of Peter Pan. Going back to Mr. Darling, if we take a look at how he's doing near the end of the book, we find him going to and from work in a dog kennel. Ah, yes...grown men in pet taxis. What could be more fun than the "he-didn't-even-try-to-make-this-belivable" silliness of such a scene? To be honest, I don't know if I'd even read books if they all left out fun stuff like this. Other silly parts of the book involve Wendy growing up a day quicker than most girls; the narrator claiming he hates Mrs. Darling only to call her his favorite character a few sentences later; the lost boys asking Wendy to change the characters her story just two sentences into it; the narrator using the phrase "woke into life" because Peter likes the word "woke" more than "wakened;" and my favorite, Captain Hook using a stale cake as a missle and then falling over it in the dark. I believe the novel version of Peter Pan was written after the author had already established Peter Pan as a successful play. That may explain a lot about the colorful narration, which takes many, many literary liberties. We see everything from blatant narrator interference with the characters in the story to the shameless attempt at informing the audience that the narrator only chooses to make the events in the story happen a certain way so certain characters in the book won't be disappointed. Perhaps without these wacky (and maybe even insane) traits in the narration, there'd be no reason to read the book, since it would be no different from the play. After reading the Peter Pan novel though, I'd have to say it almost seems criminal to watch an adaptation of Peter Pan without any wacky narration. Contrary to most adaptations of Peter Pan, the individual lost boys (of where there are six I believe) are actually more developed as characters than John or Michael Darling. Heck, at the end of the book they actually end up moving out of the Neverland to live with the Darlings and grow up to busy themselves in interesting professions. I may not like the actual land of Neverland as much as I like the land of Oz, but Barrie's narration is unbeatable in my opinion. He could probably make a Jeopardy contestant's Friday night schedule sound exciting. I believe Barrie has written another Peter Pan book as well, a prequel of sorts entitled "Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens." It should be interesting, particuarly if it addresses what is contained in the dark dreams that haunt Peter throughout this book. Freud would have a field day with such dreams and the whole mother issue. The only thing I expected to see in this book that I didn't see was "happy thoughts." That must have been a creation of Disney 
This book is off the hook. Oh! my God this book will have you looking at your "so-called" straight man in a whole new light 
Fans of the ABC-TV show "LOST" will probably be buying "Our Mutual Friend" in droves after having seen Desmond keeping it to be the "last book [I] ever [read]". Since I did not have to buy it, having purchased a full set of Dickens years ago, I immediately set out to read it. What a disappointment it was! Dickens wrote it on an installment basis publishing it in a magazine over a 19 month period. One cannot avoid a sneaking suspicion while reading it that it is, just a bit, perhaps, 'padded'. Any good editor could have tightened it up at least 200 pages. Dickens' work is melodrama, but some of it is just more overwrought than is compatible with good art. As Oscar Wilde said of 'The Old Curiosity Shop', "I simply cannot read of the death of Little Nell without laughing." 'OMF' goes quickly down to this level of bathos and remains there to the last sentence. Even worse is the ending. Some endings just can't help but feel contrived; and Dickens, having gotten a large number of his characters into drastic positions, pulls so many strange- colored rabbits out of his hat that the reader simply feels cheated. All of this may seem rather harsh from someone who was willing to shell out hundreds of dollars for "The Complete Oxford Illustrated Dickens" but I assure you that my only concern is for you, gentle reader. Unless you are possessed of adequate time to read the whole of Dickens' oeuvre or are required to read "Our Mutual Friend", I would, instead, direct you to Dickens' far superior works: 'David Copperfield', 'Oliver Twist', 'Pickwick Papers'. If you are looking for 'LOST' reading material, I would refer you to 'Watership Down' (Excellent), 'The Stand' (by Stephen King, entertainment, not literature), 'The Dark Tower' series (by Stephen King, entertainment, not literature, and similar to 'Our Mutual Friend' possessed of a fatally flawed ending) or a review of philosophy like 'Locke, Rousseau and Hume'. Namaste and Good Luck, AKA Redemption Isle on TheFuselage.co 
There are many books on ARM's architecture or manual references. So far, this book is the only book which concentrates on the firmware development side. Both assembly language and C are discussed, which is a relief for embedded/firmware engineers like me who like to combine both languages in a project. The 15 chapters in the book are: 1- ARM Embedded Systems 2- ARM Processor Fundamentals 3- Introduction to the ARM instruction set 4- Introduction to the Thumb instruction set 5- Efficient C Programming 6- Writing and Optimizing ARM assembly code 7- Optimized Primitives 8- Digital Signal Processing 9- Exception and Interrupt Handling 10- Firmware 11- Embedded Operating Systems 12- Cache 13- Memory Protection Units 14- Memory Management Units 15- The Future of the Architecture The strength of this book lies on the extensive examples on how to program ARM effectively. It is a nice guide for those who want to learn ARM programming style 
This is one of the worst books ever, don't buy it 
I was interested in the plot and characters for about half the book. After that it seemed that little new information was added, or the little that was new came in the midst of much repetition. There were so many different characters, and we had to hear the separate reactions of each of them to bits of news. The structure of the tale reminded me of the way a police procedural might be played out on TV 
This is an excellent book if used correctly. When you apply everything that the books says to your life it will change things for the positive. It is a realistic approach to evangelism that really works 
I've always been a big believer in "attack the message" (if you don't agree), don't attack the messenger. The reverse has been almost standard practice of the Left when they can't refute the truth, facts and common sense of conservatives. Which is close to 100% of the time. So I have to be very careful not to copy the Left when I write as a fifth generation Kansan and having lived all of my life, thus far, in the same "upper-middle class" suburb Mr. Frank seems to so despise in his first and only book. But his book was so filled with errors, personal opinions disguised as facts and mislabeling of events, people and general culture, as to make it a book of fiction; not one of fact. He stated himself he had every advantage presented to him early in life but he chose not to take advantage of them. He relishes being a victim and seems to mostly be upset that he wasn't born into a poor family of migrant laborers. Perhaps born as Ms. Condoleezza Rice? She is certainly a good example of someone held down by evil conservatives and not permitted to excel in life (not). Living in, and exposed to, the surroundings of his childhood, it appears to me his life's goal was to become a professional victim and a loser in life where the deck is stacked against you from birth. He's, so far, at least succeeding in that! Being an accomplished loser. What a goal! His only "accomplishment" was the writing of one book that could only be believed as fact by disciples of The DailyKOS. Having written his fictional book of what life is NOT like in Johnson County, Kansas and how he was stopped cold at every turn of life's losing lottery, he really has nothing else to say. Perhaps he can now survive as an invention of the Left writing the same type of fiction over and over (as he just did for the NY Times). He must be a very unhappy person. It seems most liberals are. How sad. The only real obstacle they have in life is seen in their mirror each morning. That's it no matter how much they deny reality. He seems like an intelligent young man who had everything going for him. What a waste of talent. Now, he's just another "victim" doing his best to convince everyone else they too should just give up as they can't win in life no matter how hard they try. As I intimated, I'm sure glad Condoleezza Rice ignored people like him! I just wish people like him were fewer in number and that more ignored their delusional vision of reality. Checking in from Kansas, he is a "one book wonder". 
This is a great compliment to the more project-based MAKE magazine, as it focuses a little more on the personalities of the "makers." Of course, it also describes (and shows, in beautiful photographs), their projects, but it's a great way to see into the personal side of the amateur engineers, bored brainiacs, and fringe-worthy souls who are the heart of the newest form of the DIY geek culture: creating incredible, real-world projects, from the mega (a home built submarine for 3) to the micro, (a diy bat detector), to the whimsical (a Lego blocks project that will solve the Rubik's Cube). If you're a vociferous reader of Slashdot, you may have seen some of these projects before, but the book really gets into the motivation behind them. Production values, writing, and design are superb, and of course, URLs are provided so you can find out more on the makers' sites. Bottom line, this fascinating survery of Make culture (and cool projects) is a must for every geek's coffee table, and it's also a great way to introduce your mom into what it is you actually do with your spare time.. 
This was a childhood favorite of mine which I frequently read in the Library of the Troy Jewish Community Center 87 First Street. I can remember sitting there and reading about such questionable greats as Harry Danning, Sid Gordon and Moe Berg. Of course there were undoubted greats like Hank Greenberg and Sid Luckman. And there was in boxing too Barney Ross and Benny Leonard. Perhaps there are more up- to- date books about Jews in sports but I doubt there are any which tell a story as well, and give the young person such a warm feeling about the Jewish contribution to what seemed at that time of life, the most important form of human activity. 
..."First Grade Takes a Test” is an excellent, multicultural book that should be in every elementary classroom, especially Kindergarten thru 3rd grades...For it’s use in demonstrating that the really important things in life aren’t measurable, and even as a tool for helping students understand and interpret poorly worded questions (and there will always be a handful of them on any standardized test), the book is invaluable. Highly recommended from this early childhood teacher 
I lived in a situation somewhat like that Richardson describes. We watched VietNam from 1000 miles away, but the players were the same. It was like living at the far edge of the Welsh Marches in the time of the Roman Empire. Maybe if you haven't lived within a bureauocracy you won't understand, but everything he says is true 
Trash sells and this is the definition of trash. Unfortunately many readers see this as history instead of fiction. Shaara who may have had a ghost writer obviously never visited a manuscipt library to do research. Readers should stick to reading the history of these events done by people who know how to research and how to write 
I read this short novel because I greatly admired Shaara's Pulitzer Prize winning "Killer Angels," and because I'm a baseball fan. The novel feels more like an outline or first draft than a completed work about an aging pitcher. It's a bit shallow and predictable in its plot. The characters are what one expects in all too many sports novels and short stories. The feel or atmosphere just isn't quite there. Any baseball fan will see flaws in the book right away, flaws that distract and damage the work. Shaara sets most of the novel in Yankee Stadium with the Hawks playing the Yankees. Why the author chose to have one real team against a fictional team is unclear. The Hawks apparently are from Atlanta, but an Atlanta team, Braves or Hawks, whichever, would not be playing the Yankees interleague on the next to last day of the season. Finally, when a visiting pitcher goes out to warm up before the game, he does so in the semi-hidden bull pen down the left field line in Yankee Stadium--not on the mound on the field. This book was published posthumously and Mr. Shaara perhaps never had a chance to polish his prose--prose that was excellent in "Killer Angels." It's unfortunate. There are glimmers of interest in the book, but not enough to recommend it to baseball fans or fans of the author's other book 
In this study Demos examines family life as it was for the Pilgrims who came over on the Mayflower, before they joined with the Massachusetts Bay Colony. The book is in three main sections: the physical setting (housing, furnishings, and clothing); the structure of the household (family connections, including servants); and individual development (childhood, coming of age, and old age). The most striking thing is how all aspects of communal life were controlled by the Court: although laws were not draconian, they spelled out how one was to conduct his or her life pretty thoroughly. Mess up and you would be punished. But it's also true that people were not that different back then, either: parents still cared for their children and worried about their futures by making provisions for them; families were at the core of society's welfare; even women were given rights denied them in the mother country. It's interesting that even these first settlers saw the American continent as a vast area just waiting to be colonized, and one of the biggest problems facing the authorities was how to keep settlers from wanting to spread out too far from Plymouth itself, thus weakening communal ties. A highly recommended book 
I evolved into a lower carb nutrition by finding first that I needed more protein than I had thought and that I reacted strongly to sugars. I bought this book when I decided to lose a few pounds, but wanted to understand any health implications related to a low carb diet. I was already having gall bladder and liver issues. I bought this book first and 2.5 years later, it is still the best reference I have. The chapter on hormones is a bit technical, but this chapter alone is worth the price of the book. Within three days of eliminating grains from my diet, I no longer cared whether or not I lost weight. My awful blood sugar drops and painful bloating were gone, my energy increased significantly and within weeks I noticed that the gall bladder pain was gone (and it hasn't come back). Within three months my intense hot flashes disappeared and I started sleeping better. The book first describes what low carb nutrition is, then goes on to discuss hormones and how insulin impacts the overall balance of the body's hormones in different ways. It addresses overall energy, diabetes, heart disease, cancer, gastrointestinal disorders, vitamins and minerals, and weight control (one chapter - the rest is on health issues). 
For those who have not read Volume 1, just get Book 2 and get all the great information plus lots more. Being a born-again Christian, some of the dialogue is beyond my belief system, but just glean the book and keep the great stuff. If your faith is well-grounded, just look at this as a first class medical journal and forget the buddhist hogwash 
This is in my opinion John Bradshaw's best book. It encapsulates his thinking on the area of toxic shame and demonstrates how this phenomenon is at the core of compulsions, addictions, co-dependencies and our need to achieve beyond what is really necessary or serves our larger purposes. In this volume, John Bradshaw demonstrates how toxic shame develops and leads to the breakdown of families. He also talks about how this cycle is perpetuated through generations and actually covers a lot of ground in terms of family dynamics. Through affirmations, working with feelings, visualizations and other techniques, the author shows the reader how to work through toxic shame. As someone who has done the work himself, he comes across as compassionate, knowledgeable and very practical. Sometimes I get annoyed when I read this book because of unnecessary repetition of some key concepts. This is the explanation for my 4 rating, along with the fact that many of his books overlap each other with respect to content. Therefore, my overall rating is that this is a solid, well-written classic that certainly deserves its best-seller status. However, prepare yourself for some repetition and unnecessarily long examples of what he is talking about. 
This book shows you in an easy to read format the true capabilities of the DVD format and what is required to do it. It helped me in being able to ask intelligent questions when purchasing equipment 
If you don't know what you are doing then you need to get this book. If you think you know what you are doing, then you definitely need this book because you probably have no clue. Contrary to what one reviewer states, this text does provide a good balance between application and theoretical example. I use this book all of the time as a graduate student. It is a wonderful reference. If you are studying econometrics, then this is the first book you should buy. 
When Professor Polk describes the sweep of history in Iraq, he is at his best, but the book often descends into a political diatribe that is neither appropriate nor grounded in the facts. Much of the political ranting is supposition, marring what would otherwise be an interesting and informative work. The ranting gets especially tedious towards the end. My advice, read the first part and skip the last half 
The sub-header to this book could very well be: "All Work no Play makes Jack a Dull Boy". Basically, Tom Stanley's scholarly treatise on American wealth comes down to this mind-ripping, continent-blasting conclusion: Millionaires, you see: 1) Save more than they spend; 2) Don't spend anything. That's it. Page after page, chart after chart, graph after graph, anecdote piling up on anecdote, all of it boiling down to the same conclusion: don't spend more than you save. Clip coupons. Hang on to your wife `til Death you do Part. Buy a rambler for 80 grand, and cling to it like a rat clutching a Big Mac in a hurricane. To wit: if you're a good little Bob Cratchit, and burrow down in your suburban Dacha, drive the Civic, eat Top Ramen, and take your vacations at the State Museum of Knitting the Fine Arts, you'll die loaded!Sound like fun? Didn't think so. Look: you've got one life, and after death all bets are off. Sure, you could be hauled up by the angels to Paradise, or it could just be one plate of linguini too many, a nasty flatline and one vast inky void of non-consciousness. Either way, you're looking at one single trip on this not-so-flat Earth, so you might as well live large. It's true, now: you can haul in major bank in whatever profession you choose: eremetic horror-writer, Wall Street tycoon, Railroad baron, small-town librarian, legal eagle defender of the Criminally Insane, whatever. And you can always outspend it. That is the source of endless tragedy and Dickensian woe throughout the ages, without a doubt. But there pitfalls at the other extreme. Listen: I live next door to one of these McMillionaires. The guy is this enfeebled little wizened gnome of a critter, used to be a bank Vice President and got bought out because he was a dingus. Total skinflint. Miser. Goes on his own hunting trips and brings back venison, deer meat, which he forces his family of---jesus, I think 12---to eat for months. Lives in a shacky little rambler, buys used Crown Vics from the local police department and bargain basement prices. The guy, no doubt, is high net worth. But he's also a loser. This is a guy who didn't want to cough up a few hundred bucks to help build a joint fence between our properties---so there's a fence, even a fence that abuts his property---but beyond my house and demesne, he elected not to build a fence. Instead, he got a plastic Jersey Barricade (orange and white) and went with that. Is that any way to live? Is that really what it means to be a `millionaire'? I think not. Half the glory of the Age of Great American Consumption is buying stuff you don't need, but want. Desire. Demand. What else is work for? Find a way to creative bliss, work at something you're good at, that you have a real passion for, and the money will follow. But for the Love of God, it's only Money: spend it! What is money for, if not to indulge yourself? Sure, get a pace---plan to the end---set a budget. But how many of you want to be that newspaper column on page A3, the 95 year old dowager pauper who begged for alms on the streetcorner, ate catfood out of a tin, and scrounged for quarters by the bus stop, then was found rigid and cold in the urine-stiff sheets of her dirty bed, sprawled atop a fortune estimated at 20 million bucks? Sound like a plan? I think not. Money may not buy happiness, but it sure as hell can get you a Rolls-Royce Phantom. "Millionaire Next Door" might have it right in its sociology---and for what it is, Stanley's thesis is meticulously researched, mustered like a well-trained army, and capable of marshalling its teeming forest of facts like a well-drilled martinet---but it's off the map when it comes down to the point of the whole thing: if you've got it, flaunt it. "Millionaire Next Door" isn't a bad book: it's scholarly, and plods along its own hand-me-down lodestar towards its prophesied conclusion (be cheap! Die loaded!), and perhaps some folks will be astounded to discover there are some real richies down the block who in another day would have been called skinflints. But as a map to your stars, this one is a little cramped, cribbed, dank, and stinks of mothballs. I think I'll take first class---scratch that, how much did you say that Learjet was going for, again? JS 
Although not as fascinating as his PAPER CRYSTALS (a stellar work of modular origami), MATHEMATICAL ORIGAMI is a very solid work on the topic. David Mitchell again gives clear instructions in text and diagrams for a very intriguing branch of paperfolding. There are many books on geometric and modular origami, but Mitchell's are more than just "look at this neat design." Instead, they are well thought out and very intelligently written. A must-have for fans of the art 
Another farce to feed irrational hatred with authoritative sounding documentation... If you dig that sort of thing... there are tons out on the market...Unfortunately they don't come with disclaimers. like one would get when reading a book on the occult... People tend to go for books that support their bigoted view, and this is a fine example... it is a lucrative business in the united states to see what is en vogue and write a book of it.... It is a living. When the Da Vinci code was written it was a craze everyone had to write the idiot's guide to the code, how to interpret the code etc etc.... I am not surprised of a book like this and certainly there is no accounting for integrity or lack thereof... people write for years even for the NY times before others discover their plagiarism.... or in this case the secret agenda.... before long we will all be drafted to support capitalistic oligarchies err democracy abroad... 
I is for I think you would like this book if you read it. It was a little bit wordy at the beginnig but each page gets better than the one before. You will be glad you got past the first few pages because it gets a lot more interesting as you go along. And the ending of this book is really something else, it makes the whole book well worth reading. I really liked the book and I think you will too 
I have long been aware of the commercial success of author Nora Roberts but the storylines and writing style (a genre often characterized as romantic suspense with apparent emphasis on the romance) have never tempted me to read any of her work. However, I happened to pick up a copy of volume #21 (depending on how you count anthology inclusions) in the .... IN DEATH series written under the pen name J.D. Robb and was immediately intrigued by its premise of a futuristic police procedural series (the year is 2058) with a strong central character (Detective Lieutenant Eve Dallas) who had a continuing romantic interest (the mysterious Irish billionaire Roarke). I have long enjoyed the Spenser series by Robert Parker and the ensemble cast of Ed McBain's 87th Precinct novels; the reward of finding another such series to enjoy would only be increased by some speculation thrown into the mix regarding the future direction of science in the aid of police work as well as speculation concerning the evolution of New York City, an area very familiar to me. I was immediately hooked by SURVIVOR IN DEATH and despite some minor criticisms gave it a five star review (3/30/2005). I read ORIGIN IN DEATH, the next book in the series, as soon as it was released and also enjoyed it sufficiently to rate it five stars as well (7/26/2005). As with other series which I have enjoyed, I then decided to read some of the earlier books to fill in the backstory and see how the characters have evolved. In my opinion, the early stories in the series can best be labeled transition novels as romance author Roberts attempts to transform herself into mystery writer Robb. My recent three star review (11/29/2005) of NAKED IN DEATH, the initial book in the series, discusses the specific positives and negatives of that attempt, so I will not go into detail again here. And in summary, I found this book a much better police procedural although with the major flaw that it seemed a little too obvious that Eve's pursuit of her initial suspect (although logical) would turn out to be a diversion from her identification of the real killer. I so greatly enjoyed Susan Ericksen's audio rendition (unabridged CD) of that book that I also chose to listen to the audio version of this novel; I highly recommend her narration as likely to add to your enjoyment of the story. A wonderfully apt Dryden quotation concerning fame and death opens this story; then Lt. Eve Dallas is discovered at the scene of a shocking homicide. Prosecuting Attorney Cicely Towers, a powerful and widely recognized star in the District attorney's office and a woman with whom Eve has dealt on occasion, has been found with her throat brutally slashed in a nasty neighborhood far from her office and her home late one night. The final appointment in her datebook is for an earlier dinner with her good friend and long time lover George Hammett; Eve quickly establishes that she arrived safely home and subsequently received a mystery call of which she made no record but which obviously drew her to the scene of her death. Eve's investigation is complicated by the close friendship of Cicely's ex-husband Marco Angelini and their adult children (David and Marina) with her boss, Commander Whitney and his increasing concern as Eve's investigation concentrates on the family. Eve discovers that both David Angelini and Marina's fiance Randall Slade have financial problems which could provide a motive for murder; as additional damaging background information surfaces she appears to be on a collision course with Whitney's understandable concern both for these children who have suffered the tragic loss of their mother; in addition, the stress increases when it appears that the friendship Whitney's wife with the family may lead to her potential involvement as a material witness. Finally, a further complication which brings into question Dallas' objectivity is the revelation that the Angelini family, Cicely Towers and Eve's lover Roarke are are partners in a business venture. Additional murders soon occur which bear the signature trademark of the killer, and media pressure intensifies on Eve given the visible lack of progress in her investigation and the antipathy which she has evoked in C.J. Morse, who coanchors the evening news with her friend Nadine Furst. Eve is infuriated by C.J.'s actions and yet knows that in fact the only effective way to silence the slimeball's continual attempts to denigrate her investigatory skills during his broadcasts is identify and catch the murderer. Meanwhile, Eve is also involved in establishing the boundaries in her relationship with Roarke, both with regard to their personal lives and when his aid might be appropriate in her police investigation. After several twists, including one diversion which I had not anticipated, the story suddenly rockets towards a violent climax which it is not clear that all the central characters will survive. In addition to Roarke, Commander Whitney, Lt. Dallas, and reporter Nadine Furst, this story contains all the series characters introduced in the first volume including Dr. Mira and the unique irrepressible Mavis Freestone and Summerset, all of whom play relatively minor roles in this narrative. Finally, the reader is introduced to Patrol(wo)man Peabody, whose observational skills in her relatively minor role in this case commend her to Eve. She will eventually become both Eve's good friend and partner on subsequent cases and their complementary styles and skills will combine with their dedication to speaking for the dead and their loved ones will serve them well. If you plan to read several volumes of the series, I strongly suggest that you start with NAKED IN DEATH and then read this book even though they are inferior to the two later books which I have read. The later books include details concerning the mysteries of Roarke's and Dallas' childhood backgrounds and the impact on their individual lives which provide a context that I would have preferred to have gradually unfold as I completed the series in the sequence which the author intended. And certainly, if you want a romance/detective story then read NASKED IN DEATH. While this book still had some steamy sequences much more typical of Nora Robert's novels than the later stories in this sequence, they were much more infrequent and better integrated into the story. However, if you only plan to sample a few stories in the series, then I strongly suggest that you skip the early books and concentrate on some of the later novels, including either of the two which I mention at the beginning of this review. The characters and their relationships are much more developed as the series progresses and the plots are also more complex. Meanwhile, I plan to continue to pursue the dual goal of reading each of the new releases as they occur while gradually filling in my knowledge of Dallas' past cases. Tucker Anderse 
Sometime ago I read my Sunday paper and noted that "Three Junes" was listed as a popular book choice. The title sounded interesting so I bought it. That was 2 months ago and I am still trying to get through the paperback edition. It is difficult to follow the timeline, to understand the characters and where they fit, and to get involved in the storyline. I will finish the book because that's my style. It has not been a book that I could not wait to get back to. 
I hold Martin's Song of Ice and Frie series in high regard; the man is a talented writer. For adults. The problem with this book is that it reads exactly like whay you'd expect a chlidren's book written by George R.R.Martin to read like. By this I mean violent imagery and the occasional immolation of soon-to-be-dearly-departed-uncles. (And as an uncle I object to this wanton anti-uncle setiment running rampant in children's literature!!!) There seems to be no age group for this book. The story isn't that engrossing, and a kid I'd feel comfortable buying a book for containing this level of violence would most likely want something more substanial. Though for adults I strongly recommend Martin's other books over Mr. Pratchett, when it comes to books for kids about this age level I've gotta go with Pratchett's Wee Freemen over this. Or, for slightly younger kids, The Persistent Gappers of Firth. Hell, eveybody loves the Gappers of Firth. 
I purchased this book after having seen Super Size Me and I was a little worried that there would be nothing new for Morgan to present. I, however, was proven wrong. This is a very good read that is able to put down more statistics and specifics about the food industry that the movie was not as focuses on. The movie, of course, was focused mostly on the fast food industry. Morgan Spurlock is always a surprise. You seem him with his long sideburns and know he is from West Virginia and you just expect the stereotype. He is not a stereotype. The book is written in a very clear voice, the same intelligent humorous voice that came across in the movie, "Super Size Me." My one disappointment is that I was hoping the book would have more details about the diet that his girlfriend put him on when he finished his 30 days, but now I see she has her own book. Ah, marketing! I think you can read this as stand alone but as everyone notes, it works great in conjunctions with the movie to help you not forget 
I enjoyed reading The Mark. It was definitely a page turner. Of course it makes me want to continue with the series. Tim F. LaHaye is a great author and story teller. I actually visualized the whole the thing. I would thank him in person if I could, for a wonderful job done... Thank you.. 
For those of you who might find the first Found book or this second one offensive in its content -- guess what? -- life is offensive. And for that matter, life is also often tragic, poignant, ironic, hysterically funny, random, and sometimes all of these things at once... the "Found" books and the magazines reflect all of these aspects of everyday life. That's what makes it so remarkable. Indeed, how many books can cause you to giggle and feel emotionally vulnerable within two pages? This work by Davy Rothbart, co-editor Jason Bitner, and all the Found crew deserves praise because this is a cross-section of humanity stripped down to its beautiful bare essentials. If, several thousand years from now, (android? zombie?) archeologists study our current century, they might go through our trash. Think of "Found" as giving them a headstart. 
I must say that after reading this book, I am more confused than ever as to the origins of the war between Japan and the US. The book starts in 1936, although most knowledgable people know that the march to war really began with the Japanese seizure of Manchuria in 1932. The author continually repeats the refrain that "Americans don't understand the Japanese mentality and culture", and it was this "misunderstanding" that led to the war. It is true that Toland defines the Japanese term "gekokujo" as being some sort of "insubordination" that led to the Kwantung Army to feel it could move, presumably without orders from Tokyo, into Manchuria. However, Toland does not explain how this could happen. There is little description of the power structure in Japan, we do know that there was some attempt to create parliamentary democracy, but there were also the giant oligarchs who had much power, plus the military hierarchy. Somehow, the military took control in the 1930's, but Toland doesn't really say how. He describes in detail the "2/26" Uprising of young officers in 1936, and how they were willing to kill without compunction, and how fanatical they were, yet we are then told that they OPPOSED expansion into China, and that the repression of this coup attempt would lead to an expanded war in China. I must say I don't understand this at all...Toland potrays them as militaristic fanatics, yet they seem to be "the good guys". Weren't those who supported expansion into China also militaristic fanatics? This is left totally unexplained. Toland then goes on to describe the fatal "Incident at the Marco Polo Bridge" in 1937 near Peking (Beijing) which led to the full-scale invasion of China. Toland says the government in Tokyo, again, had nothing to do with it, in fact both the Chinese and Japanese commanders on the spot tried to calm things down, but some undefined "hotheads" (possibly Chinese Communists) kept inflaming the situation. Somehow (without Toland telling us how), a decision is made by someone (not necessarily the "peace-loving" Japanese Prime Minister Prince Konoye) to mount a full-scale invasion of China. An impression is left by Toland that the Chinese, particulary, the Koumintang government of Chiang Kai-shek was provocative and unreasonable. All I know is that that Marco Polo Bridge is within China, and it is understandable that the Chinese would resent the Japanese military presence there. After this, we move on to the atrocities of the "Rape of Nanking", which again, according to Toland, "somehow" happens, (Toland does admit that there were atrocities and between 200,000 and 300,000 Chinese were butchered by their "brother Asians" who claimed to be liberating them(?)). Toland says the Japanese commander at Nanking did not order any such behavior, nor again, did the government in Tokyo. How then do thousands of supposedly disciplined Japanese troops suddenly get it into their heads to do such things? Toland doesn't give us a clue, other than his general statement that "westerners don't understand the Japanese". Toland also, in a way, tries to claim that Western opposition to Japanese expansion into China was "hypocritical" because of Western Colonialism in East Asia (US in the Philippines; Britain in Hong Kong, Malaya, Burma, India; Dutch in East Indies; French in Indochina), however, by the 1930's the US had already agreed to give the Philippines independence and the British were beginning to wind down the Raj in India was setting up an autonomous Indian government, so it was apparent that Colonialism was already on its way out before the war. All this makes me wonder about the various things he says in the book, and I would look for a better source on the tragic history of this period. I have read his books on the end of both World War I and World War II which are much better, so that adds to my disappointment 
When I read this, I was not expecting to become a commie, but at least I was hoping for something more compelling than the pure hatred of people who have more than others and the racist concsipracy theories (especially re Jews) that the authors came up with. I understand that people accord this book some respect because it has influcenced many people. But that is what hate litterature does. This book is especially powerful in its attempt to find sharp class lines to allow the "masses" to hate 
Sadly, this thrilling sea-yarn from 1897 is nearly unreadable today. Between the seafaring jargon - which must have delighted boys of yore - and the unfathomable dialects, it can take ages to puzzle out a page. Some of the anecdotes related by the good seamen of the schooner "We're Here," which has picked up over-privileged Harvey Cheyne when he was washed overboard from a luxury liner, I could not grasp the point or moral of. My husband has read all the Patrick O'Brian series, so I asked him to puzzle out a representative story, that of Counahan the Navigator, and after spending 15 minutes reading me a few pages aloud and filling me in on the few terms he understood, he said, "Honey, I see what you mean." One can get the general gist, but it's best to read through fast, then go back and see if any of it makes any more sense. For example, when educated Harvey says, "Why can't we always fish from the boat instead of from the dories?" his pal Dan answers, "Allus can, till we begin to dress daown. Efter thet, the heads and offals, 'u'd scare the fish to Fundy. Boat-fishin' ain't reckoned progressive, though, unless ye know as much as dad knows. Guess we'll run aout aour trawl to-night. Harder on the back, this, than frum the dory, ain't it?" I got my B.A. in English, and I would rather tackle Joyce's "Ulysses" than an unannotated version of this book. So why did I bother? A few days ago, a friend showed us the DVD of the 1937 movie, starring Spencer Tracy and Lionel Barrymore, on his big screen home theater, and it was thrilling and very moving. The movie is quite different from the book, though, but it may give some incentive to check out for oneself how Kipling crafted the story, as it did for me. But dear teachers, PLEASE, do not subject students to this particular title unless you are going to spend the semester on it and are willing to turn them off classic literature forever! (Let them read "Cannery Row" instead!) 
I would not personally recommend this book to horror/thriller fans. I would definitely not recommend this book for anyone under 18! If you like soap operas, you may enjoy this book a lot. If you are searching for the secrets of Rose Red or a good ghost story, this is not your book. I read the story before the author was made known. I thought it might be Stephen King or Tabitha King. The writing style was far below Stephen King's style and it was very erotic, which I suspected Tabitha King to be the author. However, the accounts of Ellen were obviously written by a man, as the erotic episodes were definitely not from the viewpoint of a woman. So, it was no surprise when the author was neither Stephen nor Tabitha, but a male author I have never heard of. The book reveals almost nothing new about Rose Red and it's secrets. I would dare say that 90% of the diary goes on and on about Ellen and John's wealth and extremely dysfunctional marriage. On and on about John's extramarital affairs, Ellen's withholding of sexual favors, more affairs, more withholding of favors, more affairs, more favors withheld. The story is a vicious circle regarding this. It's almost like she gets burned, but yet continues to play with fire. Very frustrating and almost boring, as you read the same scenarios redundantly. By the third time, you know exactly what he's doing and how she will retaliate. Silly. I mentioned above that the Diary of Ellem Rimbauer revealed no new secrets of the house. In fact, as the diary progresses, it skips four occurrences (it made mention of the four, like "by the way, four disappearances happened since last time I wrote, but I won't tell you about them"). And this I found obnoxious - ***SPOILER ALERT*** Ellen waits some three or so years for a sance from a master uber-psychic. Three long years. But after the sance, nothing is revealed! The book is riddled with episodes like this. Some big secret is coming. When it finally is revealed, it's no secret at all. It's something dumb, like "yes, there are spirits in the house". What spirits? Why? Who? Nothing is ever satisfactorily explained. I would have given it one star, however it seemed to have a single quality. At the start of the diary, Ellen was an ordinary 19 year old fiance to John. Soon, she is corrupted by John, wealth, maybe corrupted by her African best friend (jury is still out), and hatred. She prays to God, but also to "her other god" (the dark one). At first, you suppose she is playing with fire. Right on. She gets consumed by darkness, revenge, and hatred and falls into self destruction. Overall, I personally thought it read like fan fiction. I would bet the author whipped up this short story just for giggles, but somehow it got published. I was disappointed, hoping for a good ghost story. But I ended up reading a soft-porn, soap opera style plot. Hope I don't offend those who loved the book : 
"The number" poses an interesting question but provides no helpful answers. A four percent draw on invested assets is as much an old wives' tale as a piece of scientific wisdom, even if it is a number. Eisenberg's number is the inverse of that draw down, or twenty-five times.... well, there's the rub, twenty-five times what? income? expenses? income less savings? projected discretionary spending? Post-mortgage payoff and college tuition expenses? The proverbial bottom line is clouded by conversations with an eclectic collection of consultants, experts, philosophers, and casual acquaintances. Eisenberg, a former Esquire editor and short-timer with Lands End, ruminates about a simple question: How much money do you need to feel secure? The problem is that security comes in multiple forms: happiness, comfort, excess consumption, ego. And the accuracy and stability of those measures and outcomes is compounded by key assumptions about how long you will live and how healthy those years will be. Constructing a one-year budget is hard enough. Constructing a thirty-year budget is nearly impossible. Eisenberg doesn't help his case by the offbeat and idiosyncratic examples and profiles he chooses. Doctors, divorcees, `downshifters', and very little real data shed little light on the real issues. Maybe I knew too much going in. Maybe I expected too much from a few positive references from other sources. In the middle I was confused. By the end I was simply disappointed. And I have my own number, and it changes every day 
Good books on popular music are, frankly, few and far between. This is one of those precious few. Journalist Dan LeRoy has done a remarkable job of piecing together the details of the creation of this album. Even better, he has written an engaging story. It might be a cliche, but I couldn't put it down. 
This book reads like the blog of some angry person who ignores evidence to the contrary and embraces anything that agrees with him. It was very hard to take seriously 
"An American Tragedy" by Theodore Dreiser is considered one of the greatest American books ever written. This may be the case if you can get past the first chapter. Five times, I have tried to read this book. To date, I am 0 for 5, having fallen asleep each time trying to read it. If you're a bit of a lazy reader or one who doesn't want to work through a book, this is not for you. Try Mark Twain instead 
This book is mostly hype. The writing is not that great. Japan must be really dying out if the country of some of the world's great literary giants can award such a prize for such weak work. However the book has erotic energy and is fresh in that way. If you are a serious reader skip this book. 
Since almost all of my good girl friends (including myself) have gone through nasty breakups lately, I have become much like the Gideons in that I have practically resorted to buying a case full of these fabulous books and carrying them around in my trunk, distributing them to my poor, heartbroken friends. It is the perfect thing to read when you're in that post-breakup stay-in-bed-in-your-pyjamas-and-eat-ice-cream stage. Beautiful, beautiful work. If all you have to complain about this book is that you didn't learn how to properly can, you're missing the point. Pay the extra 5 bucks and spring for the lovely hardcover -- it's worth it. I cannot say enough wonderful things about this scrumptious, funny, simple little insightful jewel! Mwah 
Not very scary, too long, and poor character development. There are a lot of good reviews about the book. Maybe I missed something 
.... you can get all three of these wacky books in one neat volume! Doesn't this hurt the bottom line at Hagee Ministries? What, has the pool of his mesmerized followers begun to dry up? It reminds me of when the band, KISS (aka Kings In Satan's Service) re-packaged their first three albums as "The Originals." At least in that case you had an extra track of "Rock and Roll All Nite", assuming you already had the album "Dressed To Kill." On the other hand, maybe Hagee Ministries was using the KISS model, assuming that it wouldn't hurt to have his drivel repeated in one handy, compact volume of fear 
If you are ready to take complete responsibility for yourself and live the joyful life then this is a must read. I will say it is simple even thou I will avoid saying it is easy. For your sake and your loved ones sake give this idea a go. 
Just LOVED this book!!! Enjoy Nora Roberts books but this one is now at the top of my list. It is so suspenseful you can hardly wait to turn the next page to see what happens next. This mystery/love story is great and so well written. All the characters are so well developed they seem to come to life and just about jump off the page. Very enjoyable reading!!!! 
For someone totally unfamiliar with Authorware, I thought this book rather confusing. I typically learn best by playing with software and using the manual to construct my own exercises. However, I knew Authorware was pretty complex so I thought this book would help. Well, it did help a little but overall I became quite frustrated with following the book's exercises. As I use Authorware I imagine I'll keep this book on my desk as a reference tool. But until then, I'll content myself with playing on my own 
Very good book. She did it again, draws you in so you can relate to all characters and their issues. Book 2 stayed interesting continuously. Looking forward to Book 3 
With all the sensationalism and relentless obfuscation of the realities of life by the media I found this an exhillarating and thought provoking book. There's more..., but I'm sure you'll read and revisit this book again and again once it's prominently displayed on your bookshelf. Worth every penny... 
One reviewer of this book said he's sick of investing tomes, they offer no practical benefit except to enrich the authors, who usually run money management firms for which the books are meant to recruit clients. And of course those firms charge hefty fees, even if their timing is slightly off (say, a few years or so). Another reviewer loved the book because he realizes he is going to have to work harder to invest successfully over coming years. If only he had read the book in 1999. What is not fully understood by many investors is that the money game is run by Wall Streeters with whom you cannot compete and beat over time. Some of the smartest people in the world work on the Street and they are not sharing what they know with anybody. But they want you in the game. They need you. They take care of their biggest clients (and I mean really big) and every client who is not big is late to the table and last to leave, usually at a loss. Because smaller clients start buying what the big players are just starting to sell. Which is why the big holders sell in dribs and drabs over time. Every winning trade requires a losing trade. Too bad, past results are no etc. etc. Try to work the market independently against the big guns and you will eventually come to know the meaning of whipsaw. And its consequences. Everybody thinks they can get out in time. Trouble is, when markets tank--stock market, real estate markets--there is no getting out because there are no buyers. It's a free fall without a parachute. Many real estate speculators will learn this in the coming year. The author of this book, Ed Eastering, is well respected and can give you a good view of how the game works. Which is useful in a textbook kind of way. And he attempts to lay out some tips for the solo investor. Trouble is, timing IS everything and the information you need to time the market is not going to be found in any book. Or any proprietary system being peddled over the internet. If it worked that well they would not be selling it to you. So what's the answer? Contrarian investing? When everybody is long, go short, and vice versa? Good idea but it requires a discipline that can tear apart the innards of a veteran Wall Street trader. It is just not wired into the systems of most people to pull it off. And reliable sell signals are about as hard to find as a legitimate 1918 Inverted Jenny. Another possibility: do what most of the really rich usually do, stuff it into long-term U.S. Treasuries that pay a fixed interest rate and guarantee the principal at maturity. Of course, you have to keep them for the long term, which the really rich can afford to do. Can you? If not, you may sell the bond at a loss that negates the interest you were paid. So you're stuck with safe U.S. short-term notes which mature at par and pay the promised (usually much lower) interest rate. Not very exciting. And if inflation pops your interest rate may give you breakeven or less. Well, that's tough unless you had the cojones to buy one of the most volatile commodities in existence: gold. This is a truly ferocious trap that has ruined many. The big guns say don't speculate with money you can't afford to lose. Hey, thanks. That fits about .001 percent of the investing population. Read Easterling for the historical big picture. And it ain't a pretty picture. It's all about volatility and volatility is a killer. And so the moral of the story may be to be very careful with your investment decisions. Err on the side of caution. The first consideration of the physician is Do No Harm. The first consideration of the financial investor is Lose Not Thy Wad. Of couse there is the notion that markets investing is really just another excuse to excerise the gambling urge for people who consider casinos crass. If that's you, may luck truly be with you. 
Once again, Jasper Fforde has created a story that is brilliantly written, perfectly blending English literature with wit. The book continues the story of Thursday Next by creating a new conflict, as well as making connections with the previous Thursday Next novels, adding a deeper level to the reading. Highly recommended reading, but I also recommend you read the series in order 
I enjoyed Robert Webber's book and have enjoyed hearing him speak as well. At a recent speaking engagement he echoed my own concern over the "fate" of the church in America. So much "commodification" has happened in the church that one wonders if anyone knows what it truly means to be "ecclesia"? Although I agree with much of what he says and am part of a liturgical church (The Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod which utilizes the church calendar and has had a strong emphasis on liturgy - - - the church body which Webber received his doctorate from), my question is are we truly called to "change" the church in order to meet the people where they are at? I agree with his assessments yet I question the reasonings behind doing it. Do we begin to emphasize certain things to the demise of others, just because the culture would be more "prone" to come to the church? Or does the church remain faithful to its calling despite the changing tides of culture? Our self-centered culture always asks the question "What does this mean for me?", and this has been a active question in the church for sometime. I believe the question that we should be asking is how does God give meaning to me, or what do I mean to God? Our focus needs to be off of ourselves and onto the Lord of the cosmos 
If you're thinking of reading this book, let me save you some time--don't. I like a good literary read as much as the next guy (really), and make it a point to read all the Pulitzer winners, but this book, in perfectly plain English, sucked. There is no plot, no beginning, middle or end, and is so tedious and boring that I actually started reading it from the back forward. It didn't help, but it didn't make a wit of difference either. Do your self a favor and skip it 
I've read some of the other reviews, and I couldn't disagree more. This book is not a page-turner. I found myself skipping over whole sections of prose because they were boring and sometimes needless. The story is straighforward. Hardly any surprises. Hardly any twists or turns. Bad guys are always bad guys. Good guys are always good guys. There's no hidden agenda lurking through the story. The blue rose is a natural anomaly. The people who really want it -- the people willing to steal and kill for it -- are conveniently identified as people willing to steal and kill for the blue rose. There's no "mystery" here really. It's just a matter of getting to the end of the book 
The title grabbed me because I have been noticing for, oh about 14 years now, the decline of the truth in this country. Unfortunately, this book is written precisely by the kind of person who has lost touch with reality and what truth is (definition of irony I believe). The reason it is #1 on the bestseller list is because there is a ready audience out there, of similarly detached people, who want anything (and I mean anything - a website with a good conspiracy story and a glass of warm milk before bed everynight is their ideal) that backs up their point of view. It is precisely why the truth is so out of fashion. New media streams like the internet, blogs, etc. offer up "news" without accountability. They allow this segment of society to avoid confronting the truth and instead construct their own alternative realities. It makes people like Frank Rich, rich, with very little effort. Why bother checking facts, his core readership doesn't care whether it is true or not, just tell them Bush is evil 
I had to read this book for a diversity class. Sennett uses language and sentence construction that is overly ostentatious and difficult to understand. Inside this fat book is a very thin book trying to get out. He needed a good editor. 
... and the maps are worthless. Two examples of the many glaring inaccuracies contained in this book: 1) Rick claims you can pick up a bus map in any tourist information kiosk. The following is an actual transcript of our conversation with the tourist info lady: us: buon giorno. do you speak english? info lady: of course. us: we'd like to go to Vatican city. may we have a bus map please? info lady: a bus map? for Roma? us: um, yes. info lady: no such thing exists. 2) Rick claims you can see everything you want to see in the Vatican in one morning: St. Peter's Basilica, the Vatican Museums, the Sistine Chapel - everything. Um, Rick? Have you ever BEEN there? Did you notice the 40,000 other people there all trying to get in to the same things? Did you notice the priceless and beautiful works of art on practically every surface? Did it occur to you that people might, perhaps, want to stop and admire a large number of them? Light a candle? Say a prayer? Some of us, also, have to behind a crowd of 35 elderly Germans to look at Michaelangelo's Pieta, and everything else. Methinks ol' Rick either spends an average of 15 minutes apiece on the most astonishing and pleasurable spots in Rome, or is comfortable elbowing foreign senior citizens in the ribs 
Quite often, we read books for young people where the main characters must lean to care for others and not just themselves-where the main character must break away from childhood egocentrism and emerge into the adult world. In Katherine Paterson's Lyddie, readers find the opposite theme: Learning to not lose oneself in the responsibilities of the adult world. The novel follows Lydia Worthen, a teenager in 1840s Vermont. With her father gone to seek his fortune, Lyddie, with some help from her brother Charlie, must take charge of the family farm, her emotionally unstable mother, and her younger sisters. To cover the farm debt, Lyddie's mother leases the farm and sends her oldest children into forced servitude. After a year of misery working for a local tavern, Lyddie becomes a mill hand in Lowell, Massachusetts. While there, Lyddie's sole focus becomes earning the money to pay off the farm debt and reunite her family. Her hard work and single-mindedness earn her a reputation as a "skinflint" and "Amazon." It's only after the farm is sold, her youngest sister dies, her mother is sent to the asylum, her remaining siblings are adopted by another family, and her job is lost over fraudulent charges that Lyddie begins to look out for herself-that she begins to ask what she wants for herself. While Lyddie is not Paterson's best work, the book does provide lively insight to factory life in Lowell, where many young women flocked in the early 1840s for economic opportunity. While readers are not thrown into the heart of the labor movement, we are able to see the conditions that led to organized labor: The long hours, the sexual harassment, the illness and disease resulting from mill work. Still, all of this background provides a fitting setting for the story of a young woman who must learn that she has more to offer the world than her back-breaking labor. If you've enjoyed Paterson's other works of historical fiction, Lyddie will not disappoint. 
Alan Lightman is one of those rare individuals who has a solid background in both physics and the humanities. As a result, he has been able to write this very enjoyable collection of essays dealing with the human context of science, especially physics. None of the essays are ultra profound, but they're still insightful enough to make worthwhile reading, especially considering that the amount of literature in this genre is fairly limited. This book reminds me of "Feynman's Rainbow" by Leonard Mlodinow, which I also found to be very enjoyable and, like Mlodinow's book, Lightman's book is a quick read. As other reviewers have noted, the specific essay topics are a mixed bag including autobiography, biography, the relationship between math and physics, the nature and experience of scientific inquiry, and other broader topics such as the influence of technology in human life. As indicated in my title, if you have at least a popular-level familiarity with modern physics, and can also appreciate the humanities, I predict that you will find this book to be quite enjoyable, and perhaps also somewhat enlightening. I enjoyed reading the book, and I expect that I will read it again in the future 
This was the first book by Daniel Steel that I laid my hands on....Really could not make out how she strikes the chord with the readers. There are so many open ends in the story...chartacters are not distinctly outlined...Tremendous scope of improvement on the story is there 
When the truth about 911 is known he must not escape justice. He is a criminal and must be treated like one. Christian Peper 
This book is so outdated. All the techniques listed in this book are from the 1980's and earlier, which means that most of the things you can learn from this book are already learned by you from the past. There are much more recent interesting researches and discoveries of human nature you can find in other books 
A wonderful story of how even our smallest action can have great consequences that we can't even understand. A long book with fantastic memorable characters. My favorite of these characters were the two brothers who were fixated on Serial killers and natural disasters. This is the only way they know how to cope with the outside world. Overall-You will certainly get your money's worth. Enjoy this one. 
I picked up the first book in this series (The Eyre Affair) based purely on its premise and was left somewhat underwhelmed. Still, the potential for the series seemed so large that I went ahead and read this second one too, only to be even less enchanted with the franchise. This is a pure sequel, and any newcomers are advised to read the misadventures of Thursday Next is strict order, lest one miss out of allusions to past events. Although... on further consideration, maybe it doesn't matter, since clearly anything can and will happen in this series, and Fforde isn't all that interested in keeping to a linear plotline anyway. The setting is the same as the first book, an alternate mid-1980s England in which literature is the preeminent social preoccupation. Fresh off the events of "The Eyre Affair", Thursday Next (a police officer specializing in literature related crimes, such as first-edition forgeries, valuable manuscript thefts, and the like) is gritting her teeth through a new round of fame as the woman who saved Jane Eyre (and changed the ending for the better), when all she wants to do is cuddle up at home with her new husband Landen. Unfortunately, the evil Goliath Corporation has managed to use a corrupt member of the Chronogaurd (timestream police) to delete Landen from this timeline and are holding his existence hostage. In the first book Thursday imprisoned one of their top men inside Poe's "The Raven", and it seems they want him back. This a potentially interesting plot, but it keeps get lost amidst all the other things Fforde throws into the mix. Most notable are a series of strange coincidences which keep coming close to killing Thursday (and are also linked to events in the first book). Another plotline concerns the discovery of a "lost" Shakespeare play, which looks to be the most important literary event of the century, if Thursday can authenticate it. There's also the small matter of Thursday's pregnancy. And just when one is comfortable with Thursday's role as a "SpecOps Litratech", and that whole milieu, she's thrown into an entirely new one as a member of "Jurisfiction", a kind of police comprised of book characters who move around in different literary works and maintain order... Finally, her father pops up to inform her that something in the timestream has gone wrong and the entire world is going to be turned into a mass of pink sludge in a few days unless he can figure it out, and can she help him. Phew! I've probably missed one or two elements, but you get the idea. Fforde is just brimming with nifty ideas, but the shame of it is that he can't stop and give any of them the attention they deserve. It's impossible to get invested in any of the plotlines when you know he's just going to move on to something else in a few pages, and it's impossible to care about the characters when their existence is utterly malleable, as is time and place. I suppose it's all meant to be puckish good fun, but the overall effect is more an attention deficit disorder Nancy Drew heroine meets a poor-man's Douglas Adams. The book has its occasional moments, but the humor is far too broad and unsubtle, and there's absolutely no narrative tension. All the literary in jokes in the world can't save this shambling wreck, and I don't think I'll be moving on to the next book. 
Judging by the long reviews before me, it should be obvious that there is much to say about Calvin's theology. This book doesn't say too much. For those familiar with his theology, DON'T buy this book. It will be a waste of your money. For those who would like to know more about Calvin's theology, without getting caught in mid 16th century language or too deep into theology, buy this. If you want a good in depth coverage of Calvin's theology, buy the FULL version and enjoy 
Any beginner or intermediate learner, who wants to be enlightened on the basic mechanisms of both computer and its peripheral devices, would be laying a good foundation by starting with this book. Without compromising its concise outlook, the coverage of this book is as comprehensive as it is illustrative. Its updated chapters are well-appreciated, although that anyone who currently owns the seventh or even the sixth edition would not be missing much by sticking with either editions. Despite being labelled "How Computers Work", the contents of this book are not limited to PCs. They covered other related issues like: Networking, Multimedia, Printers, Software, and so on. Detailed explanations, which are frequently complemented by high-resolution graphics are abundant. This book literally takes its reader into the 'engine room' that keeps a computer running. It is an impressive virtual tour on paper! However, if you are an advanced learner, this book will be of little use to you. In fact, there is hardly anything in it that any self-respecting advanced learner has not come across. Likewise, Apple/Mac stalwarts need not invest in it. Its focus is entirely on the PC: with no room for Mac. All-in-all, the uniqueness of this book is plausible. It is a welcomed advantage. Every PC component, as well as peripherals, are laid bare. It is a resourceful hand-holding tools for beginners: a worthy and dependable guide for any novice 
When I read Ron Penton's first book, Data Structures for Game Programming, I couldn't wait to see what he did next. MUD Game Programming lived up to all of my expectations, and indeed surpassed them. The author has an extraordinary knack for making complex topics understandable -- and, equally important, making them interesting. Reading MUD Game Programming is like having a friendly, cheerful expert sitting down next to you and showing you the tricks of the trade. Instead of just telling you what to do, he explains the thinking behind the decisions that go into the design of a complex program such as a MUD server, enabling you to make the decisions that are right for your own project, which might not be the same. You end up with not just knowledge but understanding. I highly recommend MUD Game Programming to people doing any type of network-based multiplayer programming, not just traditional MUDs. I'd give this book six stars if they'd let me 
this was certainly not one of Cornwell's best works. IT was almost like a couple of possible novels rolled into one. It read like a draft for a novel rather tahn a complete novel 
This is the worst, most depressing piece of fiction I have ever read. There is no real protoganist and not one singular character worthy of admiration--and after a while, their actions just become inexplicable. The author's soul must truly be an ugly one to have devoted so much time and energy to using his mind to generate so many casual acts of evil throughout the book. It starts out promising but by the time you get to about halfway through the book or so you get a nagging sense that your very own soul might be sucked out of you and permanently stolen by the heart of Neil Gaiman's darkness or one of his minions. Additionally, the characters' motivations change like the shifting sands, nothing they do makes any real sense except some inexplicable movement towards doing greater and more evil en masse like some sort of coagulating bacteria or disease. What is so creepy about this book is the casualness of it all. Unlike some of Stephen King's work (ie: The Stand), there is absolutely no redeeming thread here--no rallying or marshalling the troops to combat the emerging evil. It's evil in evil vs. evil surrounded by evil. All I can say is that this book is ugly, ugly, ugly. At least writers like Joyce Carol Oats and Joseph Conrad's intentions when writing about such things is to effectively demonstrate the ill effects of such darkness, but to make heroes of characters one should avoid is unconscionable. The choices the supposed protoganist makes make no sense--and you do root for him in the very beginning but you find he is just like one of them after all. I suspended my doubt and disbelief as long as I could but finally became so incensed by the audacity of both the literary critics and the author to pass this off as excellence, I literally stopped mid-sentence and chose to never read this author's work again. It's a shame too because he has allied himself in other incarnations with a truly gifted artist, Dave McKean, who maybe hasn't completely gone over to the dark side like Neil has. His association with Dave McKean is the only reason I even opened-up the book--and maybe a little because the title intrigued me. But it's unfortunate that the industry rewards "clever" works such as Mr. Gaiman's with undue praise. I've never so strongly disliked a book. Have you ever found yourself getting angry because you felt robbed or duped by a book? Well, don't believe the hype, this is the one to throw in the trash or disintegrate with X-men eyeball laserbeams before all your humanity is sucked out of you 
If you are just starting out on photography, I highly recommend this book. It begins immediately on the first chapter on picture making! For this reason alone, I would give it 5 stars. Here in the first chapter, the authors wasted no time to tell you what makes good pictures: the photographer, not the equipment. They then proceed to explain why the majority of our pictures (at least, the rest of us non-professionals) turn out unflattering despite our best efforts and high-tech cameras. If you read nothing else but the first chapter alone, I would bet that your photography will already begin to improve. Or if not, the first chapter will at least inspire you to try the suggestions and see the result yourself. In fact, even if all you have is a humble point and shoot film camera, the things they teach in the first chapter are still totally valid, as the principles of good photography remains the same whether you use film or digital. The next chapters give details about camera operations, how to creatively use camera controls, and another great topic, how to tackle different photographic subjects. Just what I needed! I like the chapter on how to process you own film in black and white. Although I'll probably not dive into it, this chapter gives you good grounding on the grassroots of photography. Other good stuff inside: 1. Projects at the end of most every chapter. I dare you to do all the project at chapter one and tell me if it will not improve your understanding of what makes a good picture! 2. Information on digital aspect of photography. Although I shoot film slr, I know that one day, I'll want a digital slr so the info on it is nice. 3. All the illustative pictures are ones that can be done by amateurs! In keeping with the beginner's purpose, this is intentional on the part of the authors. If you are looking for award winning photos or famous photographers, you wont find it here. But the pictures in the book are beautiful in their own right and they drive home the points taught. 4. Modest studio lighting you can create yourself! The principles on the very important aspect of light taught here are very revealing to me. The diagram of how to photograph a subject using only your own flash and any old white card to reflect some light is already a good starting point. However, I am tempted to give this book 4 stars since I felt that despite it's generous information, attractive layout, highly readable text, and wide pages, the authors skimmed the topic on tricky exposure problems. The use of grey cards, spotmeters, and handheld lightmeters to solve these tough light problems were only briefly explained. On the other hand, they provided easily applied solutions to our most common exposure problems. So I give them the benefit of the doubt that such issues correctly belong to advanced photography topics which might only discourage the wobbly beginner if mentioned here. Now that you are aware of it, you will probably do more research on it. Meanwhile, a lot of my pictures are already much improved by the application of the principles in the book alone. I therefore, highly recommend this book to fellow beginners in photography 
I think one of my major problems was the level of opinion being shot at the reader in the book. But then at times that made the book more entertaining - its acerbic opinion of the right, how Reagan getting elected made her feel stupid about being American, a funny British couple. The description of small details from each of the characters' childhood was something I could relate to because i think of that myself. There were clever tidbits from anthropology, and economics, and generally all fields of intellectual inquiry, all somehow connected with the patchwork of love and relationships, and thus brain meets heart and you end up with something almost like the Bible for our times. The focus on the main character made it so that every detail about him was described. Anyway, I am rambling, so, a note about the ending: I did find myself thinking this is getting very strange as the book got towards the ending. It might have made more sense if Nelson actually was interested in the new girl the narrator finds for him, and the story then comes full circle. It would end in a nice ironic sort of way. However, his rejecting her makes in my mind for what would be a bad traditional ending. I don't mind this, since the one time I wrote a story for a creative writing course I ended up with a terrible traditional ending. Now, could he have been anything other than a mystic? I felt that there was some hint towards Hinduism and spirituality building up towards the end. He mentioned India and Hinduism unexpectedly and repeatedly at one point in the book. So his becoming a mystic was alluding perhaps to the ashramas - and his transition from intellectual worker to a mystical worker to eventually a sage, as he attains Nirvana and becomes the Buddha of our times. So in this way an ending emphasizing the spiritual, is perhaps the best. In line with the book, the spiritual is the eternal, and only accessible through life-changing (near-death) experience. What you do from 25-50 (making a model village in rural Africa) is transient (can never be perfect; infighting; hunting; guns; the "dark-side" of human nature will come back even in Utopia; i like the flexible hours; work when you want; accumulate credits; do manual labor once in a while; start the day with reading , not the end when you are tired; siesta, fiesta etc.) no matter how good you are. The girl herself is secondary to the book - ironic since the book promotes feminism, is written by a guy with a female narrator but a male protagonist, who she is fixated on and has doubts about. But in the end the Jesus character is still male. While the female goes back to Palo Alto and takes an average job in service of the savior. The Man has the final laugh. Do you favor a better ending 
Bad paper, Old advice. Just plain awful and a waste of Money. 
I grew up reading and rereading this book, as did all the five children in my family. It's one of the very funniest books I know on the subject of families and their foibles. Shirley Jackson is so well known for her more macabre and adult writing that people are usually skeptical when I recommend this for its outstandingly intelligent humor. Once you read this you must also read Raising Demons, which is the sequel, and every bit as good, although much harder to find 
ERIC CARLE'S ILLUSTRATIONS ARE BEAUTIFUL AND UNUSUAL. THE SIMPLY STATED STORY IS APPROPRIATE FOR THE VERY YOUNG TO SCHOOL-AGE CHILDREN. THE AUTHOR INCORPORATES MATH AND SCIENCE IN A BOOK YOU WILL WISH TO READ AGAIN AND AGAIN. THE STORY WAS A FAVORITE FOR THE CHILDREN, AGES TWO TO FIVE AT THE LOCAL LIBRARY'S STORY HOUR, AND IT WAS A FAVORITE OF MINE TO READ TO THEM. 
Currently, educational studies are being revealed, which are showing that students of minority heritage (particularly Black and Latino) have an affinity towards InterPersonal learning and Tactile learning Interpersonal = learning through being social and group work Tactile = learning by building or constructing things Our current educational institutions, especially high school and below, cater to Auditory (hearing) and Intrapersonal (introverted, little group work) learners So in total, poverty and language barriers are likely not the biggest culprit towards our low school scores, in areas of economic problems ----- rather, it is the fact that teachers are not teaching to the strengths of our children - as a matter of fact, most children are being taught within the areas of their learning weaknesses With that in mind, FRAMES OF MIND is one of the first books to distiguish the way we learn and how to cater to it Within this book lies the best solutions to our educational system, and its only a matter of getting the teachers to facilitate their lesson plans differently I highly recommend this book - especially to those who are interested in seeing what the future of America is all abou 
I'm usually a sucker for just about any kooky theories backed up by barely-there evidence. Even trying very hard to be generous (hey, I'm a Christian and I think it would be fabulous if the stuff in this book were true), I think I could poke a hole in every page. And that's after perhaps 12 months of formal Mandarin study and a similar amount of Cantonese. Don't buy it. It's embarrassing to Christians that this sort of thing gets passed around as scholarship. If they'd wrapped it up with a plot around it, it'd make a great work of fiction 
Best of the series so far. Alternating the action between the two older siblings in one chapter and Sunny in the next really worked for me 
I don't know why the other reviewers though it was a horrible book. It was absolutely captivating! I was immediately enthralled in the story, and the has such a profound message. 
While expertly crafted, this is not a pretty novel, nor is it gentle. The subject matter -- abduction of a child -- is somber, as are a few gruesome descriptions of death and dying. The plot twists and turns, as befits a LeHane novel, and one way or another this complicated story finds its way to a denouement which the reader may not find satisfying. But you can usually trust Lehane to take good care of you in this, one of his finer books. And not only are there plot twists to wrestle with, there are more than a few serious moral issues that will have you squirming or at least scratching your head. All in all, this was a solid, enjoyable thriller. The reader will feel his time was not wasted 
This is an easy to use instructional manual with practical assignments to help you retain the information given. Highly recommended 
I have 50 pages to go and I can't wait to finish this boring waste of time. Very predictable, sappy, sweet and quite meaningless. I give it a minus 1 
Oh, Spike in San Antonio. It's so hard to believe that sexism exists, isn't it? I'm not sure where your numbers come from, as your logic seems tenuous, at best, but according to that left-wing, liberal think tank known as the US Census Bureau, Rowe-Finkbeiner is right. And it's getting worse. The Census Bureau reported in August, based on the Current Population Survey, that women's real median earnings fell by $171, or 0.6 percent, from 2002 to 2003, while men's increased by $336, or 0.8 percent. (The increase for men was not statistically significant, but the decrease for women was.) The gender wage ratio thus fell to 75.5, compared with 76.6 in 2002. In addition, a U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) report released in October of 2003, controlling for changes in education and work experience over time, concludes that womens earnings have remained stagnant, relative to men's, for an even longer period--17 years--with a gap that cannot be explained by measurable differences in education and experience. If you actually read The F-Word, you might find cited cases like this: Although women make up nearly 3/4 of Wal-Mart's workforce, men hold 90% of management positions--despite female employee's receiving better performance evaluations overall--and female employees are paid lower wages than male employees for the same jobs. None of this is disputed by the corporation. Why? According to Wal-Mart, because men are there for a career, while women are working for pocket money. I wish I could say your attitude was merely naive--but the truth is it's far more dangerous and insidious. Thanks to Rowe-Finbeiner for telling it how it really is. 
To put this review into perspective for you, it is written by a serious student of cooking that has been actively studying food on their own for 25 years. I have been focusing on Italian food for the last 10 years. My favorite cookbook is "The Professional Chef" by the Culinary Institute of America. If you are a serious home cook you will love this book. The photography in this book is nice and the food styling is beautiful. If you love to entertain and/or you want the meals you serve your family and friends to be gorgeous you will get so many ideas reading this book. The directions for the recipes are very thorough and well written. I believe that a serious beginner could follow these recipes without a problem. I have tried many of the recipes in this book all to rave reviews. I particularly enjoyed the chapter on foams. The "cream whippers" are expensive, but they are extremely fun to use. This book does not need to be used just for small bites. It is as simple as just making fewer portions from the same recipe. This book is highly recommended for anyone that is serious about cooking. 
Offers 10 rules for organizations to follow to benefit from the emerging Economy. The book is really just a condensed version of Kelly's earlier book, Out of Control 
Yes, it was intended as a "fun" read (literature of the absurd?) and it did evoke several chuckles, especially at the first. But as literature (read into that word what you will) it's an abysmal failure. Crammed with so many jokes, puns, outrageous and over the top dialogue and downright stupid action, one's interest is eventually diverted from the story to the catchy devices. It's a case where you can't see the forest for all the intervening trees. I had expected a "straight" tale similar to the Alienist. Then when I discovered it was a humorous take on the police procedural I perked up. It was only after the 100th hyperbole and cutesy 20th century reference that I grew weary of the whole thing. Toward the end it descended into caricature. What's sad is that the idea was a good one - maybe the author should stick to SNL and the visual media. In fact, the book seemed very visual, almost as if the author were transcribing a SNL skit 
I bought this book to learn some simple things to fold in a Kindergarten I used to work in, and it was an instant success! I was sat at the table for hours folding frogs and boats to the kids, and they seemed to really enjoy the creations! This is a great book for parents and pre-school teachers, and it is a great way to learn a little bit about geometry too. Some of the models are difficult to understand, but folding is about taking your time. A great way of finding a corner of peace in our rush-hour lifestyle 
Reviewers are right about this book tracing the origins of the modern surveillance state back to the birth of the modern prison system but they are not mentioning the prime motive for this that Foucault points to: profit and capitalism. With the rise of industrial society it was more important to regiment and discipline the masses than 'off with their head' or hands. The panopticon prison idea was taken to the factory and service industry by industial giants like Carnegie and Rockefeller and the fruits of this profitable perversion can be seen all over society today: delivery drivers monitored throughout the day by GPS, social security cards, public schooling (founded by the same industrial giants) intellectual and psychological grading, job placement and conformity, credit ratings, licences needed to do everything but go to the bathroom, a growing snitch culture...Foucault's major thesis is that surveillance (discipline) aids profit and any deviation from profit leads to state-sanctioned punishment in the form of increased surveillance. As industry and profits increase so will the surveillance and discipline that make it run smoothly. Every facet of modern society works to this end. The irony is, as techno-pundits like McCluhan later pointed out, in the modern world the prisoner with a tv set has as much denatured freedom as the tycoon in his guarded estate and they enjoy a lot of the same things in a world where pleasure is increasingly programmed and vicarious; in a world that has turned from the moral order to the profit order, where bad credit today is the profit order version of the ancient moral order idea of excommunication. Everything that stands in the way of the profit order, whether it be an idea, person, religion, or country is attacked. Bottom line, we are all 'human resources' in the political economy, in the religion of capital: packaged and packed like a bunch of sardines with the capitalist state and its laws protecting the tabernacle of profit over all else. The inanity and inherent fraud of our system, not to mention the explosion of prison populations and an insane consumer society, makes a lot more sense after being traced by a renegade like Foucault. Of all his books this is also the easiest read. This is a beautiful book by a complicated man. by the way, he taught at the University of Buffalo for a short time. 
This book is not as good as i thought it would be. I hope i have better readings with Bryan Tracy's Advance selling 
This book could have been written in 200 pages instead of 400 if James Frey did not repeat himself a million times. Although, the book is based on fictional characters the author could have developed the characters more by including more of the occupants from the treatment facility and told their individual stories to make the story flow and make the book more interesting instead of being so repetitive. This book however, did shed some insight on what addicts go through during detox. He could have been less descriptive in the sections where he described getting sick and throwing -up, and the very graphic descriptions he gave when taking his stitches out; even though his tactic was to show how brave he was, the reader could tell that it was all in his addictive mind! This book would be an encouragement for someone who is an addict and need something to pull them into reality to show them that they can kick their addiction and change their life before it is too late, like it almost was for James. It was just an okay book and we hope James Frey's next book will be much more interesting 
This is a great book for those who have interest in modern economics. Vividly, the author used a lot of nice little stories to explain complicated theories proposed in academic papers (works that received the Nobel Prize). I'd strongly recommend this book to any undergraduate economics/business major as well 
There are many books out there about the supposed strengths or weaknesses of globalization and free trade, but at least in terms of the international movement of capital, you'll usually find mere boosterism and ideology. At last, Paul Blustein has given us a look at the real-life effects of financial shenanigans and speculation on the lives of real people in a developing nation. Here we have an in-depth and incredibly informative examination of the global financial trends that led to the horrendous collapse of Argentina's economy in 2001-2002, which resulted in millions and millions of people descending into poverty and hardship. You won't be surprised to see the word "bubble" regularly, as Blustein covers the surprisingly slow-moving factors that added up to disaster over several years, with many mistakes made by all parties along the way. In addition to some financial mismanagement and damaging internal politics within Argentina itself, Blustein also explains errors made by the IMF and the Clinton and Bush administrations, and unhealthy speculation by foreign investors who had no regard for the outcomes of their actions. Not to mention, Argentina was the punching bag for an international monetary system that is built to ensure short-term rewards for speculators, plus an ideology that believes it to be acceptable when elites in rich countries profit while regular people in developing nations are left holding the bag when the bubble bursts. I would also recommend this book for those with a general interest in international monetary matters, as Bluestein does a marvelous job explaining phenomena like currency exchange rates, international debt and equity markets, and other financial concepts that you may wish to understand more deeply. If you're an ideologue in love with the supposed panacea of free markets, thinking that the unfettered movement of capital around the world will raise all ships, you might have your worldview shot down by Blustein and his excellent look at Argentina's misery. [~doomsdayer520~ 
After reading the first book *(which was catastropha) and reading the second which was really good, I thought that the series is taking off, I was mistaken, the third book is slow, and boring, you can see very well that Stephan king has no Idea what so ever where he is going to take that series Nothing much is happening, and while the second book introduce some interesting ideas, the third book just go to the ordinary adventure that you can find (And better written as well) in dragon lance series, or other adventure books, also many ideas that were in this book already appear in many king books, reading reviews of manuy users on the fourth book, which some say is very boring I guess this is where the adventure end for me.. 
Very disappointing and BORing! NO likeable characters, VERY uninteresting story. Could/Would not finish--too many "better" books waiting 
I heard about this book growing up but didn't read it until just recently (a middle-aged adult) and I have to agree with so many other reviewers who feel its popularity largely stems from the time period in which it was written, i.e., it was SO SHOCKING AND DISGUSTING! Such filth! I mean, that's why I heard about the book when I was growing up. But as so many others have already pointed out, it is tame by today's standards. I also have to agree with another reviewer who wrote that the "female protagonist is completely a male fantasy. The book's message is simply that men like women who are able to climax at the same time as their partners without any need for foreplay or other effort on the man's part..." Now, you see, what struck me about Sir Clifford's situation, and Lady Chatterley's, for that matter, is if they really loved each other, his paralysis from the waist down wouldn't have had to put a stop to his supplying her with orgasms; there ARE other things that can be done, yes? In fact, quite possibly Connie would have had an orgasm for the first time! (Ahem, women readers will know what I mean.) But Clifford treated Connie poorly. With or without the lack of sex issue, I think she would have been emotionally open to an affair anyway. Which to me, just goes to show that a man wrote the book...a man totally out of touch with what really makes a woman tick. 
In his book Trading Risk, Ken Grant draws upon his experience as a risk manager for Tudor Investments and SAC Capital to create an insightful and surprisingly non-technical guide for traders and portfolio managers. As Director of Trader Development at a large proprietary trading house, I have been impressed with the role risk management plays in the success of the firm and its individual traders. Moreover, this is a scalable difference: risk management very much impacts the outcomes of individual trades, results of trading days, and performance across entire quarters. Where I believe Grant has admirably succeeded is in documenting that risk management is much more than simply "cutting your losses". Trading Risk systematically breaks down elements of the process of managing trades, from the establishment of concrete objectives to the allocation of risk capital to specific trades and the use of correlation analysis in evaluating trading results. His discussions of adjusting portfolio exposure and evaluating the risk components of individual trades are highly practical and encourage a rigor of self-analysis that is rarely practiced. Perhaps an example from my own work with traders that overlaps Grant's ideas might be illustrative. I encourage traders to keep a log of all their trades that tracks time of day, position taken, position size, holding period, and profit/loss (P/L). Changes to the position are also documented, as traders scale into or out of trades. From this record, we can evaluate a host of performance statistics, such as position sizing as a function of market volume/volatility, the correlation of profitability with trade size/holding period, and patterns of activity within the trading day. While Grant's background is with portfolio management-appropriate to a manager who is holding a basket of positions in a variety of equities-his ideas are easily adaptable to the intraday trader who is trading a single instrument. By viewing each trade during a day as an element of that day's "portfolio", we can ask important questions about the mix of position sizes, overall directional bias, and the management of volatility as a function of trade capital/loss limits. Written in an engaging style with bits of humor interspersed, Trading Risk ends with a practical chapter that summarizes the book's major points. He explains the importance of developing and modifying trading plans, defining one's trading "edge", judiciously allocating risk capital, and improving performance "at the margin". This latter point is a particularly neglected element in risk management. For the active, large trader, the ability to squeeze the extra tick out of trades is frequently the difference between a winning day and a losing one. Superior traders have an ability to read the very short-term patterns of price change and momentum to determine when it is prudent to hit the bid or let the market go offer in exiting a position. At such points, good risk management and good trading are indistinguishable. I have few reservations about Grant's book. A text of 250 pages is not going to provide many workbook-like examples, something that would help the more mathematically challenged master the ideas of value-at-risk and correlation analysis. Small retail traders who trade only occasionally will probably find the risk metrics less compelling than larger, active traders or portfolio managers, though the basic principles emphasized in the last chapter certainly apply to any serious trader. Considering the absence of serious discussions of risk management in the popular trading literature, Trading Risk is a major contribution and a worthy addition to a library. I plan to use it as a core reading in our training program for new traders, perhaps the best endorsement I can give. 
Unfortunately some audio books are read in monotone-very dull indeed-but in this audio book the reader goes too far in the opposite direction by reading an adult book as if it's story time and she's a preschool teacher. My daughters and I loved the main characters in audio books such as Bridget Jones Diary, The Nanny Diaries, and Sammy's Hill because the reader made us sympathize with them. We knew that whatever the characters did they did with sincerity and whatever happened to them could happen to anyone. Emily Gray, the reader of Can You Keep a Secret, made the main character sound witless and very, very phony. All of the other characters sounded one dimensional. We listen to audio books on our frequent long car trips. Although we had nothing else to listen to at the time, we could only stand of this book before we had to turn it off. A few weeks later I randomly read a few chapters of Can You Keep a Secret in a bookstore and thought that it was amusing. Perhaps Emily Gray didn't find the book amusing, so she thought that she needed to go "over the top" to add humor. If so, it didn't work. She took a lighthearted, enjoyable book and turned it into the equivalent of listening to nails on a blackboard. 
I zipped through the first 100 pages of this book unable to put it down. Unfortuneately the author seems to run out of gas after that. The main character just goes on a big, boring sight seeing tour. It reminded me of that show on the Travel Channel where that girl visits hotel after hotel fawning over the interior design. There is not a hint of conflict until the final pages and then it's very short-lived and quickly followed by one of the worst non endings I've ever read. The book just stops. Not a hint of resolution or even a cliff hanger pointing to a sequel. It's a shame because Grimsley had some great concepts to work with. In my experience novels that mix technology with magic usually fail at both, but Grimsley had a workable foundation he could have developed into something unique if he had focused on the SF concepts instead of minutiae. Once in a while the characters stop admiring the drapes long enough to notice the GIANT FREAKIN' PORTAL BETWEEN TWO WORLDS--but enough about that. Gee, what a lovely sofa.. 
BECOMING A MASTER MANAGER, the textbook currently used in my Introduction to Management class, does not effectively convey the important fundamentals of business management. The book is structured around eight 'roles' of an effective manager, and each role is further broken down into a number of competencies that are functions of that particular role. While I appreciate the effort to organize a relatively broad subject, I do not feel that the book is necessarily easy to follow. The reading is constantly being interrupted by assessments and applications for each competency, and while meant well, they are usually skipped over in an attempted to finish the reading and they seem to me to be a large waste of paper. Furthermore, BECOMING A MASTER MANAGER stresses models and theories of management that I find useless without the necessary fundamentals of management, which are not adequately presented in the textbook. Some of the models and theories have merit and should be discussed more in depth, but in a more advanced level of business management. And while BECOMING A MASTER MANAGER is the official textbook for my management class, I have relied heavily on a different textbook for my information, and only the eve of a test do I bother to look over BECOMING A MASTER MANAGER, I do not recommend this textbook for an introductory class at all 
This book was easy enough to read, it just wasn't what I expected from Quindlen. I usually find her writing style and her way of thinking about things so captivating, in this book I really did not find either of those traits to stand out. The back-and-forth from current day to the past was somewhat confusing, and sometimes I was in the middle of a paragraph before I realized this paragraph was a jump to the past, whereas the previous paragraph was present time. Although I got used to that writing style, I always found it annoying. The storyline itself never sold me either: a typical, young "sew-your-wild-oats" boy finds a baby and decides to keep it and is the "perfect" father. I just did not find such an occurrence likely. And, as a mother myself, all the times he either left the newborn alone or took it with him while he labored on the land just made me squirm. Anyway the whole story seemed far-fetched and disjointed to me, and a disappointment especially since I have been a Quindlen fan for many, many years 
This is the best baseball book ever! Not only is it beautifully organized and rich with facts, but it's so well written! As someone who came late to baseball, I find the book hard to put down. IF you can only buy one baseball book, this is it--it's a major reference for any fan, and it's going to make a great holiday gift too. Get your copy before they're all gone 
Not only was the book cheaper on Amazon than the bookstores but I ordered this book for my boyfriend from here and I got it earlier than expected so that was great! He says it has great step-by-step images and that's a positive for him since he learns more from visuals. Also, it has instructions that he's able to follow and understand. We both just wish it had more "food art" in the book but, overall, it's a great book 
J.K. Rowling successfully put me off this book series within the first two chapters of this book. The characters personalities were wavering in book 5, in this they completely vanished or mutated. I'll only be getting the 7th one because it's the last one and I've read this far so I might as well go the whole way. In books one through four the trio of Harry, Ron, and Hermione were loveable characters tenaciously and cleverly seeking out the answers to the mysteries that came up each year and saving the day. Book 5 had them doing more angsting and screaming than mystery solving, and more whining than day saving. Book 6 made them stand in paper doll doing a bad job miming the motions the real characters would have done. This book Harry seemed to care more about romance. A very poorly done romance littered with cheezy phrases and romantic moments on par with the worst of bad fanfiction; which had no background or build up from previous books. A female character from the background, whom Harry barely even notices all through the past five books, is suddenly the most perfect and beautiful girl in the school in mary-sue fashion. Several other characters in both the foreground and background were also unfortunately treated to Rowlings amature attempts at romance, none of which bore any revelance to plot or story. Harry also had a significant decline in morality and intelligence. The clever boy who put clues together with his friends now cheats in one of his classes and makes one stupid mistake after another. The image of Harry that stuck with me and seemed to glare off the pages every time he spoke or did anything was of him lying, frozen in a curled position on the floor of the train with blood coming out of his broken nose, under his invisibility cloak and rolling around with the trains motion after a particularly stupid episode with Malfoy. As to the general plot of the book. Poorly done. Continually backstaged by sickeningly done romance and angst it barely made an impression on me. Most of the 'revealations' in the book revealed nothing not already known or obvious from old information, and the culmination of what Harry was not-quite-solving didn't amount to anything. My final opinion: Don't bother to read past book 4 if you're just starting the series and care anything at all about characterization. A very disappointing book 
I have enjoyed the Miss Julia books tremendously but this is my least favorite. Miss Julia is married to Sam Murdoch. Poor guy is sent to find the missing Hazel Marie in one part and is gone for a good deal of the story. Miss Julia does not even make a case of those missing hours! It is as if the author could really care less. There are so many little plots that you feel as if the author had several ideas and just took one and expanded it but left the others to show all the complications in this woman's life. There are times when Miss Julia seems to self-centered and the tongue in cheek mood of the other books in this series is really not present here. I found her less likable and also less believable. She has taken in her husband's mistress ad illegitimate child. Now, there is a question about the child's paternity and she is tolerating the whole thing!!!!! Perhaps other books in the series would be a better intro for the uninitiated 
What a disappointment! Based on reviews, I couldn't wait to get this book. Don't let the 48 pages fool you...half of the pages are pictures, and the half with writing on them are double-spaced with wide margins. Took me all of 20 minutes to read (and only that long because of all the page turning). Nothing wrong with being concise....except that the philosophy here is overly simplified. Quindlen goes to great lengths to equate "Pefection" with "Conformity" and condemning it as inauthentic. I do believe that women tend to set unrealistic expectations for themselves (i.e., wanting to be the perfect mother, perfect daughter, perfect wife, perfect businesswoman); therefore, it creates warm, fuzzy feelings to hear someone criticize perfection as being "boring". Unfortunately, to claim that "[well-behaved women] don't make good lawyers....or businesswomen" just doesn't follow. This is not deep reading. 20 minutes? Don't waste your time. 
The book is manipulative and unrealistic. I felt the author was blatantly trying to persuade the reader to believe that infieldey, betrayal and lack of morals is acceptable if you have a self absorbed best friend. Definitely one of the shallowest books I have ever read. I bought the book as it was rated as a "best seller" , and I was stuck in an airport for hours on end. The entire plot is hideous as the "burned best friend" makes up reasons why it's accept able to betray her best friend. If I was not completely bored, I would have given up on the book after the first 20 pages. 
do yourself a favor - don't waste your time with this book 
Golding is a deeply symbolic novelist who relies, especially in this novel and in The Inheritors (1955), on ideas from the viewpoint of evolutionary biology and anthropology. The central symbol of The Lord of the Flies is that of a pig's head upon a stick stuck in the ground, a totem in the making perhaps, but seen by Golding as Beelzebub, the "lord of the flies," the devil, a head of rotting flesh enveloped by flies. The central idea is that without civilization we will degenerate into predatory animals ruled by superstition, the will to power, and the primordial need to survive. When Piggy's glasses, which symbolize the tools and knowledge of our culture are broken, it signals the degeneration, the return to the wild in which, as Thomas Hobbes has it, there are "No arts; no letters; no society; and which is worst of all, continual fear and danger of violent death; and the life of man, solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short." That a group of English school boys could degenerate so quickly after crash-landing on a deserted island may be seen as a bit fanciful, or more exactly, as the artifice of the artist; nonetheless, the premise of this extraordinary work may well serve as a cautionary note for our times. Should we, through nuclear warfare, a runaway greenhouse effect, sectarian violence on a global scale, or through the exhaustion of the fossil fuels that power our civilization, regress to the state of savages, we have this warning. Instead of the noble savage, instead of a return to the Garden of Eden, instead of the Swiss Family Robinson or Robinson Crusoe, Golding takes us step by step from the world of the boy's school to life and death power struggles and a fascination with savagery to the beginnings of tribal warfare. As in The Inheritors, Golding sees not the good in humans, but the viciousness. In The Inheritors we homo sapiens murdered the gentle Neanderthal, here we children become gangsters of the island, on our way to becoming tribal chieftains as murderous and vengeful as the God of the Old Testament. I understand that Golding wrote the novel in part to answer the pollyannaish naivete of R.M. Ballantyne's The Coral Island (1857), which I haven't read. Clearly cruelty is one of Golding's main themes. Left to their own devices and without the restraint of civilization's justice, humans will be cruel sometimes just to be cruel and sometimes as a means of gaining power. The boys Ralph and Piggy naively try to set up a democratic sort of government, but are defeated by the brutality of Jack and his will to savagery. The loss of innocence that the boys experience is seen as not the loss of something they intrinsically had, but of something superimposed upon them by civilization. In reality, Golding is saying, there is no innocence in children, that is only a fairy tale idea to which we romantically subscribe. This is one of those novels that has found its way onto the high school or even the middle school curriculum because it is easy to read and because it is easy for young people to relate to. But the strength of this novel lies not only in its theme and readability but in the fine characterizations of the individual boys. As in all great works of literature, it is the combination of character and story that compels us to turn the pages, and invites our admiration. It should be noted that Golding deliberately left out one of the central drives of humans, probably because he did not want to muddy up his theme of savagery, or perhaps because he felt the task too great or perhaps because he didn't find the task palatable. I am referring to the lack of sexuality in the novel. Not only are there no girls on the island, but the boys do not, at least overtly, involve themselves in sex. We can see that Golding's artistry anticipated this criticism since it can be argued that the boys in this situation and at their tender age are not yet ready to express themselves sexually. I wonder if postmodern psychology would agree. Certainly Freud would not. Bottom line: a great read, a terrific adventure, but not a book in my opinion that should be read by preteens, in other words, you need to be older than the characters in the book in order to read the book without fear of nightmares 
I've gotten through about 1/3 of the book and I'm highly amused. The first 50 pages are muddled and rather pointless so far. However, I've laughed my way through them. One thing Eco has is a very sophisticated sense of humor. If you enjoy a mental challenge and writing that's loaded with wit, I'd suggest picking up this book. I never knew there were four kinds of people before: morons, fools, lunatics and cretins. And I may just be a fool. :) 
I was disapointed when I downloaded it and got 8 pages. As a customer, I expected to have the digital version of the full book and not a summary. I thought that the price difference was due to the absence of paper, printing, handling, shipping, etc. The hardcover version is more than 300 pages; if you take the price per page of the digital version, the hardcover version should cost then ten times more!!! All the examples are referred to that version and nowhere I was said that I was paying 5 dollars for a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT PRODUCT. I honestly believed that I was buying the full book. I will think better before ebuying again... 
I have read all twelve of these books and hoping there will be more. The language is pretty graphic but they are so funny you can usually ignore those words. These books can cause you embaesment, since I read where ever I have to sit and wait and you burst out laughing people do stare and wonder if you are losing it. Please we would all like to see more of these 
I found this book on my own before going to get my MBA and was always a bit embarrased to admit that I had learned more from this book than any other (it's design makes it look a bit elementary). I was pleasantly surprised to see that my Finance professor at the MBA program (Babson - the #1 entrepreneurship program 11 years running) brought it out on the first day and said it was a "must" for any businessperson's library! It is a fantastic resource - don't let the look fool you 
In light of Rev. Falwell's unfortunate comments about the tragedy of Sept. 11, 2001, I recommend this book to anyone seeking to understand, Why would that guy say that stuff? Harding presents an objective, intelligent, perceptive analysis of the way that Fundamentalist language shapes the way in which they relate to the world, and how Jerry Falwell changed that shaping from withdrawal to the active Moral Majority of the 1980s. Harding combs through Falwell's history and sermons to observe how the language of being born again affects the listener, showing Falwell's shift from separatism to political activism. She critiques both Falwell and Falwell's critics in a fair and keenly insightful way. Good reading and good understanding 
Things are going swimmingly in Fish! land. In the latest volume, Fish! Tales, authors Stephen C. Lundin, John Christensen, Harry Paul and Philip Strand build on the successful training program that evolved from their first Fish book. Tales shows how four companies - a long-distance call center; a hospital neural-renal unit, a car dealership and a roofing company - have applied Fish! theories effectively. They also provide short examples from other companies to show how well the Fish! function. The four main principles are familiar by now - keep the work fun, seek to serve others, stay focused on your customers and have an enthusiastic attitude - but the examples in the book bring them alive. Along the way, the authors heavily sell their Fish! courses and merchandise - that's just good salesmanship - but the real catch of the day is the final how-to section, showing ways to apply these principles in any organization. The lively writing style helps keep you hooked. We suggest that if you haven't yet caught any Fish!, start with this one. Its cheery, accessible methods should lure you in, hook, line and sinker 
I really thought I would be able to learn about the Philadelphia Project from this book, considering the title. However, the actual project doesn't make an appearence until the last chapter. The entire book focuses on ideas that may or may not have contributed to a project that may or may not have taken place. This book was disappoiting to an extreme. 
Three things make me better than Sean Hannity: 1) I was actually in the US Military 2) I graduated college, unlike Sean 3) I don't believe that everybody who votes a certain way is a loser, or hates America. Sean Hannity is a bunch of hot air. Just watch him on FoxNews, or listen to him for one hour. He is yet another of the current line of conservative commentators who believes that all people who vote Democrat hate their country and hate all Republicans. Sean - stop labeling everybody. Every American has their own opinion 
I found this to be a real page-turner. It addressed all the issues leading to the near destruction of the High Plains in the 1930s: agricultural, social, political. Dealing heavily with first-person accounts, I learned about the Dust Bowl, the depression, and the psychology of the times. Great book 
We got this book out from our library recently and within a week I had ordered a copy for us. My nearly 2 year old demands poems from it all the time (as only 2 year olds can demand!!) and her older brothers have also enjoyed them. The book has so many poems that struck a chord with us; just one small example: With recent cold weather I ended up sharing Dragon Smoke (about day being so cold you can see your own breath) with my oldest son's class at school. I have also suggested that our local pre-school buys a copy for the adult library so that the poems can be shared with the children when relevant themes / moments arise. The pictures are perfect for the poems creating a completely wonderful package. It is just an absolutely superb book and one I will be buying as a present for many other families. I think in a way the title is a bit of a pity, (although completly reasonable), as these poems will last a lot longer than just for the "very Young" 
I give this book a low rating because of the misinformation that Nicholas Wade has presented and in the manner it was presented, "DNA and the Secret Family of Thomas Jefferson." This most difinitive "unproven" statement leads the unsuspecting reader to believe that he "seems" to know so much about genetics and early man that he knows all about the Jefferson-Hemings DNA Study and for what "reason" he sees fit to include it into a serious scientific book as being very suspect as mentioned by some reviewers. He seems to not associate science and truth together as it pertains to the Jefferson-Hemings controversy. Unless I overlooked it, I saw no reference to the excellent work that genetist Spencer Wells is performing for National Geographic Socity. I assisted this study by providing access to Jefferson DNA sources. The result of a match was found in the early Phoenicians,(Caanites mentioned in the bible)and in lands that today are Syria and Lebanon. From what I know of the study (I assisted Dr. E.A. Foster with the DNA study), Mr. Wade's analysis of this is extremely limited, in fact, it is extremely biased. "Thomas Jefferson fathered an unacknowledged family with his slave mistress Sally Hemings" (pg 257). What truthful fact does he have to give this statement? He makes the most of giving details by lying James Callender and lying Samuel Wetmore/Madison Hemings in Pike Co., Ohio. Why the details in a book topic such as this? I will give you serious readers on the serious DNA topic my opinion. As you may see in my several reviews of other biased books, these authors know nothing of the details of the DNA Study but spread old early biased media tales. He did not inform you that a team of blue ribbon scholars (13 senior professors) for the Scholars Commission ([...]) and determined that there is no proof that Jefferson is guilty of these charges. You may read on my web page: www.angelfire.com/va/TJTruth all the details of this study. He cannot plead ignorance of the details because I sent him my research early in the media blitz and any reporter not using the many search engines to thoroughly search a subject is most suspect in my opinion. Can any serious researcher read his book and believe he/she is receaving accurate knowledge. My knowledge of the other topics he has written about is limited, BUT I do know this Jefferson-Hemings Study and he has done no current or original research. He references Annette Gordon-Reed as some type of "authority" on the controversy. She was charged by the Scholars Commission Report as having completely rearranged a letter from Jefferson's grand-daughter to give a negative meaning to her words. To add insult to his otherwise feeble attempt to influence your thinking, Wade has a figure with the title, "Thomas Jefferson Family with Sally Hemings.(Pg.260-261)." His lack of knowledge of Sally Hemings and Thomas Jefferson is most lacking in current research because he goes into details that Martha Jefferson and Sally Hemings are half-sisters (an old political rumor brought forward by people wishing to confuse readers and to be politically correct. He does not mention a very scholarily book by Dr. and Mrs. James McMurry, "Anatomy of a Scandal, Thomas Jefferson and the Sally Story", who did deep research on this rumor and found it a lie designed to fit earlier political mud slinging. Since he did not give the reader another source for study, another VERY interesting book, "Jefferson Vindicated, Falacies, Omissions,and Contradictions in the Hemings Genealogical Search", I will tell you it has a foreword by former Monticello Director, James A, Bear, Jr. All of the named books, including, "The Jefferson-Hemings Myth" are available through Amazon. I do agree with Wade's last sentence on the Jefferson-Hemings controversy......."Some mysteries lie beyond the power of even DNA to resolve." I might add that contrived history is intertwined with DNA and even the Hemings will NOT permit the gathering of "another" Hemings DNA source.....only ONE originally tested. Herb Barger Jefferson Family Historian herbar@comcast.net 
I bought this book because it was listed with Ellen Miller's Like Being Killed, a brilliant and complex book about a woman's love affair with heroin, her best friend Susie, and her best friend's duplicitous HIV positive boyfriend. The protagonist herself was brilliant and complex. So naturally, I expected the same thing out of Swimming Sweet Arrow. Man, was I disappointed. This was yet another trashy tale about a pathetic woman's masochistic sex life, pathetic obsession with brutal men, and pathetic quest for attention. Her entire life is a meta-existence: rather than desiring, she desires to be desired. Rather than enjoying, she enjoys being enjoyed. The male characters and the female characters are written by someone who has never met a male or female who didn't exhibit the most common stereotypes; in her world, all men are sensation-craving brutes, and all women are attention-craving doormats. The men want drugs, fun, and sex, and the women whine and cry and enjoy nothing--not the drugs, not the sex, just being a victim due to the attention it provides. This book made me really miserable to be perceived as part of this gender. 
I bought this book thinking that I would learn something new about the cosmetic industry. Not only did I not learn anything, I came away from the book wondering just how someone could've accumulated all of that information without being able to present it in a better way. This book is packed with non-scientific fluff (using ill-defined terms such as "toxin" and making blanket statements with no evidence such as "Scientists involved [sic] mechanical science--as I like to call it--do not understand plant science, but scientists, who know plant science, understand both [grammar and punctuation left exactly as in the book].") About 60% of the book is packed with charts and glossaries. And I have to say that this is the worst-edited book I have ever read, with constant typographical errors, misspellings, and apostrophe problems. There just doesn't seem to have been a lot of thought put into the actual execution of this book. Look, I am certainly this book's target audience--I shop at Whole Foods, use organic skin-care products and potions, and work out six times a week. I care about my body and what I put into it. But this book is not a good use of anyone's time or money, as all of its information can be found quite easily (and in most cases with better grammar) on the internet. You're better off buying _Fast Food Nation_ if you'd like clear, concise information about what you're putting into your body 
Didn't care for this book at all. If you want to learn about Stephen King you'd be much better off reading or listening to his book "On Writing. 
This book is like a long short story that centers around Danny and a period that he is at Yale. He and his friends are preparing for a big party. The book goes on to follow Danny as he tries to start a relationship with Polly (who is sometimes on sometimes off in her relationship with one of her professors) while remembering about a local girl back home named Cindy who he kind of left in the lurch after they finally went all the way. Just before Danny is ready to go home for spring break and work on his father's mobile lunchmobile, Cindy arrives at the school with a big surprise. This changes Danny's view on things and makes him numb to the point that he even doesn't care when some toughs try to hone in on his father's lunch route and threaten him. Danny goes back to school after the break and after resolving his issues with Cindy to attend the big bash that his friend Matt was planning at the beginning of the book. This book like one of his later works, Little Children, shows Perrota's talent for creating intriguing characters in such short novels. This book like the other seems to end too prematurely and definately screams out for a sequel! Perrota is a super talented writer and I would love to seem him develop a much larger complete novel than leave the audience hanging at the end of another short one 
Dr. Gray must be a wonderful lover. As a woman I read his hints and suggestions for a man's love making technique and marvel at his insight. I truly could not have imagined a man so aware of what a woman really wants in the bedroom. However there are no corresponding ideas for a woman geared to improviing her skills as a lover. By maintaining a position of gallant "ladies first" mentality he, in truth, is demeaning the power of women's sexuality. There is much to be gained by men reading this book. Attitudes can improve, skill levels can rise and even the articulation of loving feelings can be created and/or grow with the help of this book's suggestions. Women are unfortunately reduced to being receipients of, not participants in, in bedroom activity 
Very little plot, which is boring. The reader should be paid by the page, if not by the word, to read this book! 
Gary Zukav states in his introduction "I had never studied physics. In fact I didn't like science and I had no mathematical aptitude. On Opra (TV) he admitted that he does not have a TV which may explain his lack of contemporary physics let alone any depth. I noticed that some reviewers refer to the "New Physics" is that like "New Age" or voodoo physics? 90% of the matter must be missing from this book. Or else how can he take physics out of context and make such fantastic leaps to religions parallels that he knows little of. He even twists the religion around to serve some unknown purpose. Many people say they did not understand physics until this book; Surprises, you still do not. You now know what Zukav wished physics was. Take anti-mater for instants that does not mean the opposite of mater. And the relationship between particles has no correlation with the relationship of dogs and cats. At least get it straight before mixing it up. Try reading some of these: "The Ascent of Man by Jacob Bronowski". The book available everywhere the DVD's available from the UK. "The Upanishads" by Eknath Easwaran (Editor), Michael N. Nagler (Photographer) Or just about any mainstream material on physics and religion. Then if you still want to mix worlds into one read someone saner: "The Tao of Physics: An Exploration of the Parallels between Modern Physics and Eastern Mysticism" by Fritjof Capra. Also on the fringe but not as radical as Zukav is a series called "What the Bleep." (both in books and on video) 
Many novels of the African-American experience in the United States use the theme of "passing". These novels generally involve a light-complexioned African-American who can "pass" for white. Among other things, novels based on a theme of "passing" allow the character and the author to comment upon black-white relationships in the United States from both sides -- from the black experience and from the white experience. Both white and black authors have made extensive use of the theme of "passing". The earliest novel involving "passing" of which I am aware is by William Dean Howells in his short 1891 book, "An Imperative Duty" which dealt with an inter-racial marriage. The African-American novelist Nella Larsen wrote a novel titled "Passing" set in the Harlem Renaissance. More recently, Philip Roth's novel "The Human Stain" involves the story of Professor Coleman Silk, a distinguished academic and student of the classics who passes for many years as white. Coleman Silk is the successor to the protagonist of James Weldon Johnson's only novel, "The Autobiography of an ex-colored Man" written in 1912. The unnamed protagonist of the book is an individual, like Roth's character Coleman Silk, with great intellectual and artistic gifts who is torn between the opportunities open to him as an, apparently, white person and his strong sense of black identity. Like Coleman Silk and the characters in most novels involving the theme of "passing", Johnson's protagonist marries a white woman and lives a life plagued with guilt regarding his abandonment of his heritage as an African-American. Johnson's short novel is, to my mind, the best written on the theme of "passing", and it is a fine novel indeed. The book initially was published anonymously. The writing is so powerful and believable that many readers took the book for a true autobiography until Johnson acknowledged his authorship in 1914. Many years later, Johnson wrote his own autobiography, titled "Along This Way" in part to show that the story of his own life was not the story of the protagonist in the "Autobiography". Johnson's story shows how his protagonist goes back and forth, both internally and in the outward events of life, about whether to make his way in the white or in the black world. He ultimately finds himself successful but unhappy. In addition to the story line of the book, Johnson uses the "passing" theme to allow many reflective passages by characters in the book on racial relationships in the United States early in the 20th Century. The most famous such scene occurs as the protagonist travels in a "smoking car" for whites on a train in the segregated South. He participates in a discussion among several white men of varied backgrounds on the "race question" as it was viewed at the time. There is also a chilling scene in the book involving a lynching, the burning alive of a black person. Johnson worked fervently in the latter years of his life to secure the passage of anti-lynching legislation in Congress. But Johnson's novel includes a great deal more than a consideration of race issues. The book offers an outstanding picture of life in early twentieth Century America -- in the South and in Johnson's beloved New York City. The book is filled with pictures of dives and gambling dens and of the trade of cigar making in both South and North. It is filled with the love of the piano and of classical music. Most strikingly, the book has the spirit and feel of ragtime, which reached the height of its popularity during the years in which the book appeared. Johnson shows great appreciation for this product of American culture. The book also illustrates some universal themes. The protagonist is troubled, specifically, by the conflict between his identity as an African-American and his wish to succeed as a white person. But the broader themes of the book are the consequences of lack of self-knowledge, the role of chance in human life, and the consequences of a certain sense of purposelessness and frustration, which plague many individuals separately from any consideration of race. Johnson develops these themes eloquently and ties them in well with his theme of "passing". Johnson's novel is an important work of American fiction which deserves to be read. 
I'm at page 116 right now. The writing is lovely, the specifics dense, and the sense of place rich. If the author tries to create suspense one more time by having the father say, "I just can't go on with this story!" I'm going to throw the book at the wall. Also, so many embarrassing little holes. If I were a librarian I would say, "So Dracula's checked out. Go to a bookstore. Every bookstore in the country has a copy." And if I were the cat, I would know I was a goner the second I appeared as indeed he does within a paragraph(you need to plant the gun in an early scene if you're going to fire it). Lastly, it seems like Dracula would be so much more efficient if he just killed the main characters rather than killing everyone around them. Unless "Dracula" is related to our heroine--that would be good. Will read a bit more. . . 
I am a big Tananarive Due fan because she never fails to deliver the goods in terms of interesting plot, storyline and characters, which many can be anyone of us. She is a fascinating author as she creates several different scenarios that are very different over a great span of time and unites them in a way that is nothing short of amazing. Keep up the good work.....A T. Due fan! Trinice S. Moses - Sisters with a Purpose Book Clu 
congrats on your first victory in eight and a half decades 
As an adult I picked this up for my teen daughter and read through it and laughed and truly valued the advice within and wished I had it when I was a teen. Also a lot of this advice will work for any age. I loved the advice for falling down the stairs 
Reading this book is like having a holy vision: I feel as if I should tell the world about it, but at the same time it seems so sacred and personal that maybe I should just keep it to myself and try to figure out why it came to me, into my life, into my head. The book is the story of Billy Parham, a son in a late-1930s New Mexican ranching family. Billy traps a wolf that has been killing his father's cattle but realizes he can't kill it and has to return it to its home in the mountains of old Mexico. Billy crosses the border into Mexico, and as he does he crosses from real life into a world of dreams, where everyone moves as if the air was liquid, where every ruin has an irretrievable story, where soot and heat and danger hang in the air, and where nothing ever goes as planned. The story is not as streamlined or as focused as its thematic predecessor, "All the Pretty Horses," but that's not necessarily a shortcoming. The book sprawls out like a wide hot desert--curling north and south, east and west, across the present and into the past. The writing is as good as any writing I've ever read ever, and certain metaphors and feelings will stay with you for years. For example: the coals of a campfire seeming like an exposed piece of the core of the earth. This is a book that needs to be read. Pick it up, and let it seep into your skin, let it open you to other worlds and peoples and ideas, and let it change you. Let it open your eyes to the world, and to the West, and the goodness and the hope and the sadness that haunts the lives of all of us. This is a book made of all those ineffable things that most of us just can't put into words. But here, somehow, Cormac McCarthy has managed to do just that. Here is the intangible, but tangible. Here is the unnameable, but named. Here are the thoughts you could never express, expressed. 
She wastes the first chapters, and my time, going to extremes with kooky consultants that only someone who doesn't deserve to be hired would use. It adds to the drama and despair I suppose, but it comes off as contrived, and as an attempt to pander to her extremist/pessimist reading coterie. I don't think Babs could have possibly put more words in quotations. Her OCD with quotated words and terms is a distraction that ultimately drove me nuts. I can't believe she's an accomplished writer. Her writing style can best be described as unsmooth and read-stoppage inducing. Oh well, her intentions were good 
Year In Sports 2005 gives you all of 2004. As well,it gives hockey,basketball and much more. It gives you fast facts,triva 
The most gorgeous artwork in comic books. Contains the most extraordinary artwork of Alex Ross(Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, the Justice League, etc, even Hanna-Barbera!) A comics fan, I recieved this as a Christmas gift, and I read it again and again. A must-have for comic book fans. 
Some times it is nice to have a book that points out the obvious. You can be too close to a problem to notice the obvious. Unfortunately this book is too obvious. And it is all fluff with no substance. Wait you say. This is a design book what do you want? Code? I really wanted design. So where is it? Between the pages that tell how to use exotic tools to do what html can? Or is it between the lines that keep emphasizing speed? Or is it that this is one big advertisement for the contributors? Oh well, it makes you look scholarly to have this book on the Koffee table 
I've been reading a chapter a day for over a yr. It's a great motivator for the day ahead. I've found this translation to be the best I've read. Other translations have been boring or too dense. This one was very powerful 
Throughout my read, my head kept shaking with disappointment. If the renaissance of hard SF relies on stories a full decade, even two decades, old, then the genre's future is feebly fixated on its past. Not to say that some of the stories here aren't wonderful ... emphasis on some. But dredging dead decades to claim a rebirth of hard SF fails to deliver on the title's promise. This is more nostalgia than renewal, and you should read a library-borrowed copy if you want to reminisce about great writers past/passing. But don't drop any real money expecting a glimpse into Sci-Fi's future 
This book was referred to me by one of the author's students. I have been practicing Karuna Reiki for several years. I was thrilled to read this book. The author has introduced many specific healing techniques and symbol combinations that have produced amazing results for my clients. She obviously has an incredible passion for Karuna Reiki because the book reads as if the energy itself wrote every word. 
This book was mind expanding, and told a great story of exploring the facets of one's personality and how much that personality is interdependent with his wife and others. My favorite part was the story of the "Golden Pages" where a person is taught by the wise man that truth of man's existence is inspiring and worthy of discovery, but to share that truth with others is subjecting oneself to ridicule and criticsm, if not war 
Excellent, realistic, practical advice. As parent of a very strong-willed two-year old, I continually found myself in a power struggle with him over EVERYTHING! After reading this book in a couple of hours, I immediately began implementing the techniques (which are very common sense and SIMPLE), and now, just a couple of months later, I have a totally different relationship with my little boy. I no longer feel like I am controlling him all the time, he is happily independent in ways we are both comfortable with. This book really changed my life. BTW, I had previously read the original Love and Logic for older children, which I liked, but it recommended spanking for children under 3. This did NOT help!!!!! This book recommends no spanking, but withdrawing all attention empathetically, which is what my pediatrician recommended, which actually works 
If you want to buy the book, go ahead, just be careful of superbookdeals, they take your money but don't deliver and don't answer emails. Caveat Emptor 
Good, high-level analysis of current US vs European international relations written from a conservative perspective. As with any book covering fluid world events this book can only provide a snapshot, circa 2000-04, of those events. But there are two significant underlying assumption in this book: First, as the single greatest world power, the US will project its power for decades in any region of the world it feels has long-term impact to its strategic goals, such as Europe throughout the entire Cold War, Southeast Asia in the 60's 70's and in the Middle East today. Second, US historically has viewed itself as the proponent of the spread of liberal democracy through out the world. Rather than focusing on the snipping back and forth between the US Europe, the two major assumptions of this book could serve as a litmus test to observe how current US foreign policy in the Middle East plays itself out over the next few decades. Is it merely a current political view or a historic shift in strategic focus to a different region of the world? Stay tuned. It is a well-written, quick read with meaningful subcontextual insights. 
The story opens well and hooks the reader. However, the ending is a disappointment and comes across as cliche and predictable. I gave it two stars because there was not a category for a 1 and a half 
Investment Biker: 1-1/2 stars, just barely escapes the lowest possible rating. This is a book about what a Tom Wolfe-style Master of the Universe does on holiday. It's nearly impossible to have an "adventure" when you are carrying 10(!) platinum credit cards. He got cold and wet a few times, worried about finding gas, didn't always have hotel rooms up to his standards, and had delays at some borders, yawn. The adventure must have been resisting the urge to buy an airline ticket back to New York using one of his many Visa cards. I rode a bicycle around the world for 19 months at about the same time Mr. Rogers was having his "adventure." I am stunned that he perceived so little in his long travels. I don't know how someone could travel in foreign countries that extensively and end up completely unchanged by the experience. However, this fits perfectly with his huge arrogance, which is truly the theme of the book. He already knows it all and will tell you all about it. Which makes one wonder: why did he bother to leave NY City in the first place? I guess it was a good opportunity to pose with and boink the attractive and young (naive and pliable? -- certainly lubricious) daughter of one of his clients. And a good opportunity to pump himself up by feeling superior to all those "brown faces" he's driving through. The arrogance, the arrogance! Typical privileged, right-wing know-it-all. I'd like to see him try to survive in the Peruvian highlands without all his money and fancy equipment. This is not a travel book: Mr. Rogers uses his trip as a way to sell a long economic rant. You can save yourself a lot of time by just reading his final chapter, "Afterword." I will summarize his position: governments are bad; smart, rich guys like me are good (remember October 1929?). Many of his predictions are laughably wrong. He advocated selling the US economy short in 1993. Look at the US stock market performance from 1993 through 2000 ... Gosh! Idiot! Some reviews are touting his prescience on markets. Hello? How about his predictions on the biggest economy in the world? Mr. Rogers' writing is very poor and it's loaded with cliche's. He and Tabitha are always zooming on "powerful steeds" into "gorgeous scenery", or "steep, craggy mountains" into "glitzy, glamorous hotspots" or "delightful, cozy hostels", or across "hot, empty, flat deserts" into "dumps" that are not up to American standards. He'll "describe" one of the greatest mountain chains on earth, the Andes, as "the top of the world" (p. 315) for five short sentences and then move on to more important matters like further adventures with border guards and investing. Great writing? Rubbish! I think he used a computer program to come up with his "descriptions" of the places he went. Mr. Rogers is woefully ignorant about the places he goes - and he doesn't learn anything along the way. He views the world exclusively through the keyhole of economics. Most of the "interesting facts" he mentions about theses places are just wrong. One indicative example: He describes the Moreno Glacier in Argentina as, "one of the few in the world still moving." (p. 294) I found myself laughing out loud many times at his "facts" and descriptions. If you want to understand the distribution of goods in the world, read "Guns, Germs, and Steel," by Jared Diamond. If you want to read about a real motorcycle trip, read Ted Simon's "Jupiter's Travels," or Robert Fulton's, "One-Man Caravan." For good travel books, try: "Seven Years in Tibet" (Harrer), "News from Tartary" (Fleming), "Arabian Sands" (Thesiger), "Gypsy Moth Circles the World" (Chichester), "Sailing Around the World" (Slocum), "Motoring With Mohammed" (Hanson), "Full Tilt" (Murphy), "A Short Walk in the Hindu Kush" (Newby), or "Eastern Approaches" (MacLean) "My Life with the Eskimo" (Stefansson), "Endurance" (Lansing). I could go on and on. "Investment Biker" is poorly-written drivel compared to all these and so many more. "Investment Biker," a classic? That's ridiculous. From another review: "Greatest Book on Finance, Business, Travels Ever" That comment almost leaves me speechless. Obviously written by someone who has read very few travel books indeed 
Just when you think you've got Gemmell figured out, he turns the tables on you. Fans of Gemmell and Jon Shannow might find the book a bit slow at first, and something of a retread of previous Jerusalem Man tales, but be patient...the master has got some great surprises up his sleeve! Readers unfamiliar with Shannow are strongly advised to go back and read the previous Stones of Power books before this one. You won't be disappointed. Gemmell is one of the most important fantasy writers of the late 20th century 
I usually read Stephen King for his interesting ideas and imagery and expect his books to read fast and well. I've read three previous King books that have had the occasional long passages with overstated depictions of horror, doom, and grotesquery in order to immerse his readers into the tone of his story. This one takes the cake because what is meant to read as terror and horror is really ridiculous and unimaginative. And this is exactly what "Insomnia" is. This isn't a spoiler, just the author's note: at the end of the book we read Sep. 10, 1990- Nov 10, 1993- three years in which King took to write this book. Three years which were evidently wasted. The other King books I've read were engrossing for their characterizations and character identification. "Insomnia's" Ralph Roberts is certainly a character the reader could identify with. He is strong, kind, has traditional gentlemanly views on aiding women in distress and regards them as beautiful and respectable. His counterpart Lois Chasse doesn't come across as identifiable. Instead she serves as a secondary character who has no real flair or identity other than being in love with Ralph. King doesn't usually do that with his secondary characters. Other characters with much smaller roles in this book come across as real and identifiable, like Ed and Helen Deepenau, the three bald doctors, and Ralph's numerous confidantes. Then there's the whole abortion mess. This central political issue crumbles midway thru and seems to serve no purpose at all in the story. Though King does provide an interesting and seemingly objective commentary on the issue via Detective Leydecker (albeit with a tranparently pro-choice slant), it serves no relevance to the theme of the story but just hangs there on display used for no more than a story device. I gave the book two stars because I am an inspiring writer and reading this provided me with some of the devices that are important to utilize as part of a writer's arsenal. The devices were obvious and all thru the reading I asked myself, 'How is King going to get through this?' His weapon of choice was most often Ralph Robert's narration (via third person) that analyzed the events of the story and interpreted its meaning and significance. It seemed whenever King was in trouble in the story, he would use Ralph as his solution and let him think it out and guide it for him. This is a useful tool for a beginning writer, but King used it as a crutch to tell a story that had no pulse from the beginning. One last thing, the villians just don't work. They are not frightening, they are not demonic, they are not vicious or malign. Three little bald doctors with scalpels and scissors? Their defining characteristics are being small and bald- does that really frighten anyone? The real villian among them dances around and jump ropes to reveal his evil madness. Then there's the Crimson King, the evil supernatural mastermind we read about from page 100 who finally enters the story on page 550 as a Catfish in one of the most terrible, anti-climactic scenes ever rendered. I rest my case. 
I bought the book the other day and breezed right thru it. It's great in that you can skip around the book to the sections you NEED to read (or refresh yourself on). I keep it handy because I often refer to it. It is thorough in explaining various aspects of reading music, playing, etc. The humor interspersed makes it enjoyable to read rather than boring but the humor doesn't detract from the content and lesson. Glad I bought it and you should buy it, too, if you want to teach yourself how to play 
Though you may not immediately think that there is a connection between language and the places where you live and pass through, your sense of your surroundings and of language itself will be transformed after you read Gaston Bachelard's The Poetics of Space. Bachelard argues that language--especially poetry--can reveal hidden aspects of our experience of space, especially of our home space. For example, he considers how common phrases such as go up to the attic and go down to the basement are revelatory of our typical sense that stairs to an attic are stairs one ascends, while stairs to the basement are stairs one descends--in spite of the fact that both sets of stairs must be equally ascended and descended. As he does with other such observations, Bachelard extends his observation regarding the directionality of different staircases into a discussion of how the attic and basement hold different roles in our daily and imaginary lives. In addition to exploring how we experience space and place, Bachelard equally attends to the way in which language can function either as a daily and common means of communication or as a site of new and creative insight; roughly speaking, he argues that poetry happens when the motions of language itself open us up to a new way of seeing or understanding something. By reading this beautifully written and engaging book, you will likely come to understand or see anew experiences from childhood through adulthood that pertain to places where your have lived, grown up, felt comfortable or alienated, had a feeling of wonder or fear, etc. I recommend this book to anyone interested in the experience of place or space, in language and what it can reveal to us, or in what counts as poetry rather than as common everyday language 
The premise of the store is interesting. How did left tackle become one of the most important positions in football? The first half of the book does a fair job of walking through the reasons. (West Coast offense, LT, etc.) Unfortunately, at that point Lewis runs out of things to write about, so he starts talking about Michael Oher, an O Lineman at Ole Miss. Oher's story is intersting, but it is too early to tell. He is a "superstar" but only a sophomore. I also think that Lewis overdoes how great Oher already is. I also don't really understand what Oher's story really had to do with the original premise of the book. Is Lewis saying that because left tackles now make millions, Oher wants to be one? I would think that if Oher had come around in the 70s people would still have thought of him as a football player. Last time I checked lineman were big and strong (and quick) in that era too. 
I bought this book while rushing through an airport terminal needing something to read on the plane. Not one of my better decisions. Very wordy, and the dialogue is so clipped and stilted it's totally absurd -- reminds me of the way the cops talked in "Dragnet." We are talking zero development of characters. Perhaps Mr. Woods feels he doesn't need to give any depth to characters that he's been writing about in previous books. Well, he's wrong. You basically just don't care about these people. They aren't real, and they talk weird. Not much action either, unless you count actions like: they got in the car; they got in the boat; they got in the plane. You get the picture. This is another case of a well-known author throwing something together so he can get it on the newsstand and rob you of your money. Don't fall into his trap like I did. There are a lot better books out there. 
Mr. Winchester takes an interesting subject, collects enough material to make a fine article in, say, National Geographic, and somehow pads it out to several hundred pages in length. (Case in point, a chapter devoted to how he found an interesting fossil by the seaside while a kid, but loses it, and his journey back to the site of this failure of his to wallow in the misery of this horrible loss. Ick. Self-induldgent. Boring.) Worse, still, even where there is a potential for interesting and enlightening material, such as relates, say, to the subject's wife, all Mr. Winchester bothers to give us are some gossipy speculations. I guess extensive research might have been too time consuming. Numerous times I considered stopping reading the book because the writing was so dreadful, but the subject was just interesting enough to keep me going, hence my review of two stars. John McPhee could have covered the actual science of geology way better than Mr. Winchester, and just about any other author could have done a better job of telling the personal story 
This the one book that taught me more about how to use my SLR than the camera's manual itself. The step by step approach and the logical arrangement of chapters makes it a book that really teaches you photography. I also liked the way Mr. Frost uses two photographs to illustrate a filter. One take without the filter and then the same one with a filter. Also explained very well is how longer lenses reduce depth of the photograph and small helful tips on increasing your depth of field. An encompassing book, the last few chapters tell about how a slide show can be made more interesting and how to take care of your equipment. The peppering of photos and illustrations make you want to go out and take pictures using the methods shown. A good buy and money well spent. My only gripe is that I preffered the smaller size of the previous edition as it fit easily in my kit bag 
Toward the end of How Now Shall We Live, Chuck Colson states, regarding popular music and media, that a little cotton candy is permissible as part of a healthy diet. However, he warns, a diet of junk food can be fatal. Good advice concerning pop culture-but even more applicable to this book. Yes, it contains a kernel of truth, but it ultimately is dangerous if not balanced by a heavy diet of other thinkers and theologians such as Thomas Merton, St. Francis of Assisi, Ron Sider, Tony Campolo, Brian McLaren, Brother Lawrence, Philip Yancey, Wendell Berry-the list goes on. It often is guilty of oversimplifying the ideological conflicts the modern Church faces, drawing the lines down to "Christians" against the "naturalists" or "humanists," thus ignoring the wide range of threats that seek to destroy the Church. While there is truth in Colson's writing, I believe it ultimately stems from a flawed worldview-one defined largely by comfortable middle-class American thought and militaristic nationalism, sprinkled with the politically correct amount of Christian belief. His faith seems to be overly academic, one that favors rhetoric and proof over prayer and other spiritual disciplines. Evangelism, it seems to Colson, is comprised heavily of apologetics. The secularists must be shown that they are wrong, he says. Yes, there is truth and there is time for debate, but this book seems to prefer winning debates over building bridges and relationships. You see, I used to fear evolutionists and the proverbial round table of "secular humanists" that many conservative evangelicals love to discuss. But as I've grown, I realize that threats to the Church come more often from within than from secular culture, and they almost always have more to do with power and politics than the Enlightenment or science. 
Why? because I was expectin something else, but first of all, I didn't expect that you have to open/make a hole in your Robosapiens to modify it, so forget it! i will not damage my Robot 
Part geology, part biography, part history of Scotland, this excellent book is a tribute to James Hutton, the originator of modern geology. Starting with the status of geology in the eighteenth century and the use of the Bible as the basis for estimating the age of the earth, the author weaves the intriguing story of James Hutton and how he came about discovering signs of the earth's true antiquity. The political situation in eighteenth century Scotland is well described and illustrates the times in which Hutton lived. But the book goes further in that the evolution of geology after Hutton's death is also discussed, ending with modern estimates of the age of the earth and a brief description of the methods used to produce them. This is a very well-written and exciting book that should appeal to a wide audience 
The book is AMAZING! The CD is HORRIBLE! Stick to reading the book yourself. I have over 45 audio books...and this was like listen to a bad commercial. I had to turn it off. There is no connection between the narrator and the words he is reading. They don't even state who the narrator is! I recommend the book to anyone. The content is life changing 
oblomov is a guy who never quite manages to do anything. he has great difficulties managing to do anything. finally a friend manages to convince Oblomov that he must be active, otherwise he will never escape his laziness. the psychology in the story is great. the plot is always simple, perhaps too slowly progressing. there is much humour in this book. the characters are truly believable 
If you want to spend 4 times as much money, 8 times as much time, and 12 times as much frustration trying to serve something that your guests will ultimately "politely refuse"--THEN BUY THIS BOOK! The author clearly has NO CLUE that "less is often more. 
I sit here with my two newly acquired volumes of the Oxford Encyclopedia of Food and Drink in America in absolute awe! With almost 200 contributors, almost 800 entries and nearly 400 illustrations, editor Andy Smith and Oxford University Press have done a magnificent job of putting together what is clearly the most comprehensive work on this immensely broad subject ever undertaken. Whether you are a food professional or interested amateur, a historian, sociologist or anthropologist, a student or scholar, these volumes will no doubt become your most important resource for information related in any way to the history of food and drink in America. The scope is astounding, spanning some five centuries and ranging from events and trends to products, from ethnic, religions and cultural influences to political and social movements in American history, and also includes dozens of biographical entries of important contributors and influences on the development of culinary life and gastronomy in America. Despite the enormity of this work, it is refreshingly approachable, set forth alphabetically, written in clear language, translated when needed, and annotated and supplemented with bibliographical information for those wishing to explore further. As a food professional-recipe developer, food writer and culinary educator-there is no doubt in my mind that these pages will soon be worn and this seminal work will remain among my most valued and cherished resources for as long as my interest in food and gastronomy is alive. 
Every now and then a pivotal moment in history is witnessed and recorded by a master communicator. The mid-first century of Rome was such a time and Tacitus was such a communicator. The Histories will forever be a benchmark of good history with its observations on human nature and behaviour along with their impact on history. The historian will do well to read Tacitus not just for the historical lessons but for his approach to history as a record of human activity. While observing and commenting on the human element in history, Tacitus avoids making moral judgements and remains as objective as possible in the midst of turmoil, wars, and rumors of wars. His beloved nation and people were suffering under the barbarity of fratricidal war yet he remains above the madness and records the events with passion tempered with objectivity. His example is one that has remained difficult for others to follow. A word on this translation in particular - I found Mr. Wellesley's translation very readable and poetic. He seems to have captured the literature value of the text as well as the content. Well done 
Most of the information is very "theoritical" and "limited" -- author focus mainly on her own analysis of her mother and her relationship with her. ... In a nutshell, the message is that a dysfunctional mother'll pass her emotioanal issues to her daughter(s), and in turn, the daughter(s) may pass that onto her offspring(s). ... 
Tony Sweet's photographs are breathtaking! As you look at each photo and associated rationale for how and why he chose a particular exposure or composed it in a certain way, you realize the keen awareness he has of his environment and the obvious care and patience he places in his work. I am so glad that he shares the technical side to his wonderful work. I think photographers of all levels will have much to gain by reading and studying this book 
This book is not for someone who just wants to pick up enough French to get them through a trip unless they have a good ear and memory. I found "French in 10 Minutes a Day" much better as you must write what you learn in a workbook 
In a world desperate for health solutions, the uneducated masses flock to purported cures and aids that have not met the tests of either scientific or medical validity. Alkaline water is one of those potholes that the unsuspecting customer encounters. Careful research of this book and related topics finds that the real reason alkaline water is popular is that in pregnant Oriental women, it is believed that the use of alkaline water increases the probablility of a boy rather than a girl being born. Hence the seven(7) percent utilization of this water in that part of the world. Elsewhere, mycocardia problems with controlled animal tests using alkaline water have been known since 1996 but are suspiciously avoided by the Japanese organizations which promote alkaline water. Common sense nutrition tells us that if one is concerned about acidic food intake, then the use of alkaline foods with alkaline fibre and neutral pH liquid is the answer. Alkaline promoters would have you dilute your sensitive blood pH with high alkalinity thus inducing hematological problems which may put you in the emergency room as my medic(1985 Nobel Prize recipient) clearly points out. You might as well drink battery acid he said, the result will be the same stress on your blood pH. Here is a medic who is not an expert in water but in internal medicine cautioning against forced dilution of blood pH. He continued by saying that when that much alkalinity is added to the digestive system, the very low pH which naturally occurs in the disgestive tract is neutralized and food is not metabolized properly. The various amino acids which are essential in the metabolic process are no longer effective and food putrifies and nutrition suffers. The alkaline promoters, including this book's author have been sniffing glue in a closed closet and are simply out of touch with even the very basics of body chemistry and metabolic processes. Read the book for entertainment and not for education and utility in your daily nutritional program 
If you are in the computer business, or in sales, you already know the Dell story. It's about a driven man, Michael Dell, who came up with a simple idea - direct sales - and then expanded his company into the world's second biggest manufacturer of personal computers. Dell's personal story is inseparable from the story of his company, and his book gives readers his unfiltered, first-person perspective. He covers his company's history, challenges, problems and successes in an unvarnished, matter-of-fact style. We highly recommend this book to anyone in the computer industry, to entrepreneurs and to managers who want to make their small businesses grow 
An outstanding, conceptually challenging, classic exploration of the ontology of art. It may be daunting at first, but once you become accustomed to the level of abstraction of the text, it is extremely rewarding 
We would expect a well balanced approach to writing about the work of the Holy Spirit in the church by the author who also wrote "Tyranny of the Urgent" and we get it! In this book, Charles E. Hummel, former president of InterVarsity Christian Fellowship, first reviews the history and growth of the various Charismatic groups within both the protestant and Catholic churches. He provides many valuable explanations of the meaning of related scriptures as well as observations of healings and prophecies that he himself has seen. He later gives his recommendations for keeping the Holy Spirit "fire in the fireplace" of a biblical church body. I came away encouraged in my own Spiritual gifts and reminded that the more extraordinary Spirit gifts have not disappeared and that "to each one is given the manifestation of the Spirit for the common good. 
was worthless...was not the correct match for my class book requirement. Never used it...if someone wants it you can have it for free 
All I could think was, "Damn, if I had so many friends at my beck and call to talk me down off the ledge, I'd never be depressed." I don't know quite how to explain it, but I felt no empathy for him. I only ended up feeling more depressed. As a history of depression, the level of research was quite impressive. If you read Prozac Nation and wanted to punch her out, steer clear of this one as well 
Don't buy this book if you do not have to for a class. I did. As with most textbooks, it is a ripoff. Mankiw got a 1.4 million - MILLION - dollar advance for it. Who do you think pays that. What kinds of things does this text teach? Well, it contends that unemployment insurance and labor unions cause unemployment, because people do not want to look for work when they can fall back on the governmnet. This is the biggest load of hooey in the world. I guess when you are a rich, tenured professor it is quaint to see those people lining up who just lost their jobs because business major read your book. And minimum wage? Kills off jobs. Mr Makniw is now the chairman of the presidents council of economic advisors. What a job he has done. Worst jobs record since Hoover. Of course, if the capitalists honchos had their way, everyone else would be working for $2.75 an hour. Read this book, but go to the grocery store first. On top of the $100-plus you pay for this book, punk down 75 cents for a box of salt. You're gonna need every grain 
The work of a 12 year-old without talent. Phrases are tediously cobbled with clumsy, inappropriate similies. Story line is absurd. If this were Koontz's first novel, no publisher would touch it 
It truly is the best war fiction regarding WWII if you have never read ANY other fiction regarding WWII. I love war fiction and non-fiction and beside parroting the Time Magazine blurb prominently displayed in the novel I can not even come close to understanding why anyone, let alone review after review, would even come close to that stupefying conclusion. To me it is the best example of intellectual snobbery that critics like to pat themselves on the back with. Only they understand and you lesser intellects are not capable of appreciating. What it is, is a bloated, narcisstic, misogynistic waste of time. Of course any piece of literature is subjective, but to me, this critically acclaimed work fails on every level that a novel should, regardless of genre. Unless you love James Joyce (another bad writer lorded over us by the critically elite), I think most readers expect some sort of plot development. Don't expect that here. How about engaging characters that develop and grow throughout the novel? You better pick up something else. It seems to me the reader should at least be invested in one of the character's outcome. Far too pedestrian a thought if you "get" this art. If I can't have any of that how about writing a character that is even remotely likable? Forget it non-ivy leaguer! I was rooting for the Japanese to kill them all, so at least their "loved" ones at home would be spared of these nearly universally despicable human beings. The only thing that propelled me to finish was to get to the ending that would perhaps tie together the painful experience of reading these soldier's hateful ruminations while, oh by the way, a war was being fought around them. Nope, no big ending either. It just ends. Yes, I have heard that the plodding ugliness and pointlessness of the entire book is to symbolize war itself. Give me a break. While this may be bad news for us common folk duped into reading it, it certainly is good news for Tom Clancy. His last two decades of literature are just misunderstood genius depicting the banality of human existence and not bad writing at all. 
The Challenge/Solution style of these books are great for security beginners as well as seasoned professionals. If you read carefully you can pick up many hints/tools which you can use in real life security scenarios. My only -ve comment about this book is its getting out of date now. Many of the incidents described are not relevant now, as security practices at most firms would thrawt these incidents. Having said that, the scenarios are still good for security beginners. For advanced readers I would suggest the Second edition or the soon to be released third edition 
Extremely well researched. McChesney has been a key figure in the "media debate" and he approaches the subject with knowledge and objectivity. His disciplined, almost scientific investigation is an example of non-partisan coverage of a crucial issue. If only a few politicians were as concerned with the public interest as McChesney, we would be in a better world. I am a Mexican citizen so I couldn't care less about U.S. partisan politics, and if you care about the fate of public communications, you shouldn't either. This is a problem that affects every country, not just the U.S.A., since the big telecommunication companies are broadcasting all over the World. The interest of big advertisers is being protected by U.S. policy and their marketing messages are then blasted everywhere. Even the smallest community in the South-Mexican jungles knows Ronald McDonald. CNN has Latin editions of their biased news transmitted to most Latin countries. As an outsider, I hope the U.S. citizenry will realize that this is not an issue of Democrats vs. Republicans but a World-wide issue of the individual vs. the big corporations. In reality they don't care about your political affiliations, as long as you saturate your credit cards to buy their heavily advertised products, you can debate each other to death 
This was my first reading of Jamaica Kincaid. She has a short, concise style, which made me often feel like I was reading poetry. However, I felt that it also had some downsides, like stifling character growth. In Lucy, the title character comes to America to be an nanny for a rich couple with four young daughters. Lucy watches as their marriage crumbles and tries to avoid turning into her own mother, who for some reason she hates. I wish we knew a bit more about Lucy, like why she hated her homeland so much. It was an alright quick read, but had it been longer, I doubted it would have held my attention 
Engrossing and amusing travelogue by world's crankiest traveler. Some people really hate Theroux, accusing him of snobbery, self importance, and bigotry. I can certainly see why some readers wouldn't be able to deal with his style and opinions, but I must say that this volume might be a pretty good litmus test of readers' tolerance for the author's travel works. (If you can enjoy this one, you'll probably enjoy his other non-fiction works). I, for one, totally enjoyed hearing about grunge-y has-been towns, obnoxious holiday camps, and seedy hotels. To me, the book was a real page-turner, and he writes so vividly of scenery. I felt he wrote about the worst bits of his trip with true humor, reminding us travelers that it's helpful to keep a sense of humor during the rough times. I felt the book was a pretty decent scouting report for the island's shoreline, and I now know what to avoid there. I can definitely thank Theroux and his fussy standards! If you like Theroux, it's a good bet you'll love this one. 
'The Regulators' is not quite on the literary level of 'Desperation,' but that makes it more fun in a way, especially as it's less preachy. I liked that 'The Regulators' adds a little more information about the mysterious Tak. Here we see a more terribly playful, oddly fastidious, and possibly younger Tak who loves spaghetti, chocolate milk, westerns, and Cassie Stiles. And while most of the characters of 'The Regulators' are flatter than those of 'Desperation,' 'The Regulators' gives us a glimpse of what some inhabitants of Desperation might have been like before Tak possessed them, particularly Audrey and Collie who were never shown "pre-Tak" in 'Desperation. 
This books seems interesting until you learn (within a few pages) that the author forbids masturbation at any time and basically sees sex as a crude animal instinct. If you're a big Bill Bennett fan you might enjoy this, but for those inerested in developing a little more restraint while still participating to some small degree in modernity, look elsewhere. BTW, Mr. O'Reilly, the world is NOT a more brutish place than ever before. Sad, to say, it's almost certainly less so. 
I wish I had put some kind of protection on my Transits by Hand. I did not buy the hardback and usage of the paperback over the years by me and my daughter has managed to deteriorate the 2 or 3 copies I've had to reorder! I always read other books about transiting planets and their influence, but for the final touch I always resort to the master himself, Robert Hand. I was lucky enough to hear a few of his tapes and he is absolutely fascinating to listen to; has a delightful sense of humor (Sagittarius influence), is a supreme story-teller, which makes it impossible not to learn as you listen. A lot of hard work must have gone into this work. If anyone is to break the barriers between astrology and scientific worlds, Hand would be the one to lead the onslaught! No astrologer or anyone learning astrology could do without this book 
It has the potential to be a great book if the author had taken some time to actually look into each breed. The "Canadian Eskimo Dog" is now referred to as the Canadian Inuit Dog out of respect for the Inuit people. He has the dog's height wrong, and the weight range is much too high. This leads me to conclude that if there were that many errors on one dog breed, who's to say that it's not wrong on other breeds too? I was quite disgusted and mad to see the "designer dogs" put as purebred dogs. Labradoodles, Bichon/Yorkies, Cockerpoos, and Bull Boxers are NOT purebred dogs. They are mixes given a fancy name and sold for staggering amounts of money. The first few chapters on the history of the dog is quite fascinating though, and the pictures are nice. If you need an all-in-one book and don't mind many errors, this is a great book for you. If you're like me, go down the road of buying a better dog encyclopedia and different books on different subjects rather than this faulty all-in-one 
i felt as if this book was way below my reading leve 
If you want to take your pictures to the next level this is the book for you. Fantastic and easy to follow .. for the advanced amateur and pro 
My daughter loves this book. She reads me poems and stories from this book all the time. I think all teenagers should purchase this book. 
I bought this software hoping that it would help me to find required mathematical formulas faster. At home on my powermac (OSX.1, OS9.2) I only see messed up windows. Furthermore, the formulas are unreadable, using an archaic font. Trying to save the day, I went to my linux machine at work reading Your operating system, Linux 2.2.19-7.0.1, is not supported by this software. It appears that the software is only suitable for some SUN and SGI machines. It only appears to run properly on a windows machine. From an editor, who I remember, is one of the few persons finding errors in Knuth's TeX system, I expected much better 
The big gift that the present public school system bestows upon most of us is a giant inferiority complex. Few of us ever wake up to the mental prison-cells that society has put us in and fewer still escape. Anne Lamott's book is one of those that not only encourages people but shows them how to let go of their perfectionism and internal critic and all the other fears and ego traps that keep us from creating. Once you get past this junk, you begin to see you don't really need books telling you how to write at all. You just need to write. 
When I reviewed THE STREET LAWYER recently, I mentioned that I've never put down a Grisham unfinished and that we should throw the man some props. For that book, certainly. For this one, nope. I read four chapters, 41 of its 391 pages, and gave up totally unengaged and uncaring about any of his characters or his plot. I hope he just had an off day or something, and that what he wrote later got back to what makes him so readable. 
Many reviewers on this site read TLGPE in the 70's, when we were young and impressionable. (I happened to be 13 when I read it.) If one could be sued for intellectual forgery, Lindsey would certainly be found at fault. Most of us, thankfully, have gotten past our fears that plagued our teenage years. After all, when we read TLGPE, we were young. We were searching and seeking. We didn't have all of the facts. There were wolves who knew this, and they preyed upon us. Many people who were older, yet still intellectually undeveloped, read this book and were moved to 'believing'. For most of us, our minds matured. We began to see the vast chinks in Lindsey's pompous Christian armor. We began to realize that fear is a weapon brandished by madmen, by people who use a subtle, gentle cloth of manipulation to control others. This is beyond dangerous. It is beyond extreme, as most of us have now found out. I love a good horror novel. I love a good 'true crime' thriller. But the fact that people read Lindsey's books and take them at face value is, perhaps, one of the scariest notions I have ever imagined. That, dear reader, is beyond horrific . . . and far more terrifying than anything you'll find in the bible or any of Lindeys 'books'. The only thing scarier is that Mr. Lindsey is still receiving royalties from an outdated, silly, contradictory and completely barbaric book penned over thirty years ago. Please don't be the next sucker. Please don't add this one to your cart. 
I stumbled across this book by accident at my library and decided what the heck, all those millions reading Gray's franchise can't be wrong. Plus, I've seen Gray on Larry King once, and he seemed like a nice and reasonable enough guy. This book, though, promising in its intro to be "sexy", touched more of my comical than my sensual nerves. Now, I am not above accepting bedroom advice where it's warranted (for instance, it is thanks to Dr. Gray that I finally made sense of that night years ago when my husband slept on the couch after a huge fight caused by my criticizing a movie we'd just went to see). But Gray's generalizations, dumbing down of most issues and sharing his own sex life with his wife Bonnie were mostly unhelpful, and I suspect that the passages I found funny were involuntarily so. Although I'm the first to admit that women love compliments, Gray's suggestions, as displayed in several top 10-lists of things to say (and, occasionally, what not to say) were a tidbit too repetitive (ever wonder how many combinations you can play with the phrase "your breasts are wonderful"? Read the book!). Almost as enlightening was the hot tip on how, while getting to the undressing part, the man should pull the woman's panties "up her crack" (a.k.a. give her a plain old wedgie--no joke). And, don't miss the one where the Mongolian woman pulls a flag at full mast when she's in the mood and at half when she's not (or maybe it was different colors, I couldn't read clearly through my tears--no offense to the Mongolian people!). More annoying were the recurring (and very stereotypical) assumptions that a woman always needs 10 or more times more cajoling into sex than a man (in various ways, be it foreplay, flowers or the favored seduction line hit lists), that a man always comes (and too quickly, of course), and that you need constantly innovative acrobatics in the bedroom, or your (otherwise mutually comfortable and sure-fire, I wonder?) approach will become a "turn-off". Bottom line (no pun intended): if you want some light and basic (!) guidance, the book is not too terrible, but if it is "advanced bedroom skills" (Gray said that!) that you're after, you're better off digging out that old Erica Jong or even any pulp. 
Nicely printed and bound - If you like James Allen you'll like this book 
No thrills and a pointless plot marr what could have been a pretty decent story. The whole thing is based on who wants to kill Darby and why. And that is where it falls apart. The FBI or CIA could have easily investigated faster and easier then she could, and what is the point of trying to kill her? To bury what is already out in the open? The FBI, CIA and White House all had a copy. What are they trying to silence? Nothing at all. Perhaps if it were just for revenge the plot might not have collapsed on itself 
I'm not a fan of mysteries to begin with. However, my public library has a limited selection of audio books, so I take what I can get. I am a voracious reader, and I listen to audios to get more "reading" in, as you can listen and do other things. I much prefer the Lillian Jackson Braun "cat" books, at least there is some humor, and I like the "mystery" part of these books better than Deaver's. Sorry to all the Deaver fan's out there...I HAVE enjoyed a few of his books, but I get tired of the "same ole-same ole" 
Many reviewers on this site read TLGPE in the 70's, when we were young and impressionable. (I happened to be 13 when I read it.) If one could be sued for intellectual forgery, Lindsey would certainly be found at fault. Most of us, thankfully, have gotten past our fears that plagued our teenage years. After all, when we read TLGPE, we were young. We were searching and seeking. We didn't have all of the facts. There were wolves who knew this, and they preyed upon us. Many people who were older, yet still intellectually undeveloped, read this book and were moved to 'believing'. For most of us, our minds matured. We began to see the vast chinks in Lindsey's pompous Christian armor. We began to realize that fear is a weapon brandished by madmen, by people who use a subtle, gentle cloth of manipulation to control others. This is beyond dangerous. It is beyond extreme, as most of us have now found out. I love a good horror novel. I love a good 'true crime' thriller. But the fact that people read Lindsey's books and take them at face value is, perhaps, one of the scariest notions I have ever imagined. That, dear reader, is beyond horrific . . . and far more terrifying than anything you'll find in the bible or any of Lindeys 'books'. The only thing scarier is that Mr. Lindsey is still receiving royalties from an outdated, silly, contradictory and completely barbaric book penned over thirty years ago. Please don't be the next sucker. Please don't add this one to your cart. 
This is the sixth and final addition to the author's excellent Holiday Time series, just in time for Rosh Hashanah! As in the other titles, (It's Challah Time! It's Seder Time! etc.) Tod Cohen's full-color photos capture the joyousness of the children as they learn to celebrate the holiday wearing new clothes, making Jewish New Year's cards for their families, tasting new foods such as pomegranates and star fruits, and blowing the shofar. The sounds of the shofar are explained in easy, understandable terms for this young age level. The children are also shown learning such things as tying their shoes and writing their names. The brief amount of text on each page and very appealing children pictured learning to make round challot and blow the shofar make this just right for using with pre-schoolers, their parents, and in the classroom. Included is an easy shofar craft and a brief paragraph about Rosh Hashanah. Recommended for all Jewish libraries. Ages: 4-6. Reviewed by Andrea Davidso 
This book is the reason I've read only one John Updike novel. I was so disgusted by the people, the plot, and the very boring and unrelated technical passages that I never read another Updike. I thought the characters were completely unrealistic 
The notion of "interpretive communities" is at best derivative of Kuhn's classical work, The Structure of Scientific Revolutions, and at worst a framework of obstruction employed against those who wish to revivify literary theory and criticism in the wake of postmodern hegemony 
Written all the way back in the mid-1980s, long before all the heated rhetoric about illegal immigration going on in the US today, this book has turned out to be amazingly prescient. I feel like I would have had a much better understanding of this subject (not to mention appreciation of the people involved) had I discovered it a long time ago, but I suppose late is better than never. Ted Conover did what I don't imagine very many other Americans would have the courage to do: Cross illegally from Mexico into the US with Mexicans doing the same thing. In doing so, he gives readers incredible insight into what compels some Mexicans to make that journey (i.e what life is like where they come from), what the journey is like, and what awaits them on this side of the border. I found myself exceedingly grateful for having been born American and simply in awe of the Mexicans who live such vastly disparate lives from their privileged neighbors to the north. Conover simply relates his experiences to readers without the kind of ideological commentary or other editorializing that can get in the way of the facts surrounding the contentious issues involved. Coyotes is a well-written, touching, informative, and inspiring book that should be required reading for all Americans before they open their mouths about illegal immigration 
In her latest book, Tracey Wood demystifies the process of teaching kids to read. As parents, we've all been told that reading is critical to a child's success in school, in a future career and for pleasure and enrichment throughout a lifetime. We feel a great deal of pressure to help our children achieve this important skill, but typically don't know how to go about it. Tracey presents a refreshingly straightforward, step-by-step approach to teaching reading skills. The book is chock-full of word lists, fun activities, games, and creative ideas to engage a child's interest and get him reading. There are helpful book recommendations for readers of all levels (including parents!) and pointers on spotting reading problems early, with practical suggestions for getting help. The book is spiced with humorous anecdotes parents can truly appreciate. Tracey's compassion and commonsense shine through and take the stress out of teaching kids to read. I highly recommend this book to parents of beginning readers. 
This book is comprehensive and easy to follow. Every recipe I have tried has worked. The pecan pie recipe is especially good, and very easy for novice bakers. If you could have only one dessert book on your shelf, this would be it 
Carol Kuykendall --- author, speaker, and strategic projects director for MOPS International (Mothers of Preschoolers) --- has compiled what she considers the five-star winning components of a successful family. According to this mom of three grown children, the five key elements of a great family begin with love -- expressions that inspire and comfort; fun -- activities that recharge a family's batteries; loyalty -- lessons on sticking with family through it all; growth -- embracing new challenges and seeing the value of stretching; and faith -- holding close a relationship with Christ that shines vividly and practically into the lives of others. With many personal anecdotes, fanciful stories, and good common sense advice, Kuykendall does a marvelous job presenting a handbook for parents that is easy on both the eyes and the heart. The author's two-part text deals with family matters that focus on the beginnings of new family life when a young couple first discovers they're pregnant. Some of the practical points offered in this section include deciding who to invite to the actual delivery, naming the baby by taking into account potential teasing/taunting as a result of this all-important choice, hashing out basic parenting decisions regarding naps/nursing/discipline, dealing with those unmet expectations that crop up almost immediately after giving birth, and learning to fit into the extended family with the newest member without stepping on other siblings' toes or feelings. Kuykendall then delves into dreaming for a bit. Just what kind of family does the new couple want to be? The author discusses the value of looking back in order to glean the best of past childhoods while wisely leaving not-so healthy patterns behind where they belong. She also details the importance of taking a realistic look at where a family is today, accepting where people are, because this is the point from which everyone can move ahead. Finally, a brief segment on looking ahead with hopeful, faith-inspired enthusiasm closes out this foundational topic. To complete part one, Kuykendall does a lovely job presenting the "gifts" children bring to a family. Clearly, children are gifts from God, but with them come powerful life lessons on perspective. Consider the gift of "do-overs," in which parents can relive the innocence and wonder of childhood discovery through their children's eyes. This important truth reminds parents that God is the giver of second chances. Kuykendall also cites the gifts of humility as children "reveal us to ourselves" as imperfect parents. Children also model sincerity of a simple, uncomplicated faith. Once this solid foundation is set, Kuykendall spends a generous amount of space re-defining her five-star qualities, each with its own separate chapter (Love, Fun, Loyalty, Growth, Faith). Every chapter opens with a lengthy discussion that includes biblical principles and selected bible verses, personal insights from the author's own family life, specific action points, and quippy yet powerful quotations for increased take-away reminders. One of the most telling quotations included in this timely text appears near the end, and it typifies Kuykendall's entire message beautifully. "Family is...A soft place to land." --- Reviewed by Michele How 
the first few chapters have built the anticipation for a good strategy to learn , HOWEVER, there were no formulas, nothing to learn. book talks about theories about market timing with no proof. i wouldent take it seriously as i though 
William Manchester, the greatest narrative historian of or time, provides a vivid account of his experiences in the Pacific Theatre during World War II. As with all of his books, we see, hear, smell, taste, and feel the experiences with him, as if we were there. Although more personal, of course, than his other narrative histories, Goodbye Darkness provides the same factual details, and each sentence, paragraph, and chapter is crafted with the same beauty and skill that is Manchester's hallmark. An amazing memoir by a truly great writer. 
I remember my father giving me this book when I was young. He was a junior high school english teacher and used this book in class. Together we read the stories and I loved them. Now I am a college professor and use the book in class myself. While some of the summaries are "dated," they are still useful in communicating the basic action of the play to students and the very fact that they are "dated" allows the book to serve as an illustration of how interpretations of Shakespeare's plays have changed since the Lambs' time. I recommend this book heartily. 
If you want great mathematical puzzles, you buy a Terry Stickels puzzle book. If you want to read about the universe from the world's best amateur mathematician and physicist, you read Martin Gardner. If you want a professional's point of view of all the above, you read anything by Ian Stewart. This is simply a must read for all clear thinking people 
Peter Robinson is one of my favorite authors. When I travel on vacation I make sure to take his latest novel. "Piece of my Heart" transitioned between the present and a time about 25 years ago. The characters were well developed and the story line moved. There were many layers of sub-plots that were interwoven. I thoroughly enjoyed how everything was brought to its final conclusion. 
If you are a man, you will not like this collection of feminist essays. This book is worse than bad. It is an abomination 
Leaving the racism issue aside, this is not a book for small children. Even if everything turns out OK in the end, I'm not prepared to expose my children to issues of capital punishment and the drowning death of a small boy. Small children forget the ending and focus on the scary parts in between. Perhaps I'm a softie, but let's allow them to be children and not worry about being wrongfully accused of murder and sentenced to death by beheading. Just because it's a classic doesn't make it appropriate reading. 
On the plus side, this book is fairly easy to understand and contains sufficient pictures of the exercises. I was very excited at first, but unfortunately none of the exercises, massages, meditations, etc I tried seemed to help any of my health problems, even after a month. The book contains inspiring stories of people who have quickly recovered from serious illness or injury, yet leaves me crying in disappointment. I will probably keep trying a few of the exercises and methods for awhile, but I don't hold any hope of them suddenly starting to work at this point 
I have very mixed feelings about this book and can't say I enjoyed it all that much. I love the story of Sappho, what little is known of it, and so I picked up this book expecting to see a historical fiction novel cut with realism, research, and certainly the unavoidable necessary lewdness of the celebrity of Lesbos. But monsters? Centaurs? I mean, the story of Sappho's life is not the story of The Odyssey and for the life of me I don't understand why author Erica Jong decided to give her readers a combination of Greek heroine and Clash of the Titans. Once I was able to get past the fantasy elements, I realized that I was not being pulled into the story on its own merits. There wasn't enough emotional dimension -- for all her travels, we're shown pretty landscapes and scary oceans but we don't see enough of a real character. I read Sappho's poems in college and the talented mind behind those words is NOT present in this book. I'm not saying the book is without its good points. Jong has certainly done a lot of research and her enthusiasm is many times contagious. But I found the whole bit a little odd... like picking up a book about Cleopatra and seeing her encounter dragons, unicorns, and the goddess Isis. If Jong had written about Ariadne, this all might have worked. The blend of fantasy just didn't add up to a palatable meal for me 
Tapscott and Ticoll have written another very detailed, practical and profound book about business that shows their knack for zeroing in on the heart of a momentous change that is stirring in the world and explaining it all clearly and completely. At the heart of The Naked Corporation is the notion that shareholders and other stakeholders are empowered by technology to know more and more about organizations faster and faster, which in turn greatly emboldens them to take action based on their new knowledge. In other words, perhaps the old adage "there's one born every minute" needs updating. They're still being born, but hopefully now only a few per hour? Corporations "getting naked" can't be good news for marketing departments. Their job can no longer be about creating a nice rosy image; companies and products must be the image - for real. Yikes...David Brett, Founder, Knexa 
It is difficult, nay, impossible, to like a book when all the characters are obnoxious, money worshipping parasites, and that is exactly what we have in this novel. Out of the blue a godfather appears, a deus ex machina, who offers an idealistic lawyer, Clay Carter, more wealth than he can imagine or use. Anyone with a brain would know that there has to be a hook within the bait, a very sharp, very large hook. With apparent ease, this naive lawyer swallows the hook and makes millions and millions of dollars before he so much as senses that he is in deep trouble. Enthralled with the gaudy toys and women that money brings him, he immediately loses sight of reality. What a hollow and useless individual he is, as are those he hires to assist him and those with whom he associates in his lawyer world. Whether or not there are such individuals (Enron?) is beside the point. They may exist, but I for one am not eager to hear their life stories. The atmosphere in which they live is boring, as are their conversations, their lack of values, their hobbies, their sex lives, and their comeuppances. Somehow, even in their fall, they never lose all their money and they never quite realize what hollow individuals they are. Having read most of Mr. Grisham's other books, I expected better from him. 
AGELESS BODY is Deepak's attempt to neutralize the word "old" as in old age. The writer has a knack for making common words, like "body, "mind" and "self," into profound concepts. His technique is to overlay his abstract ideas with suggestive experimental studies. But ambiguity in interpreting these studies abound. If you like poetry, Deepak may be your read: "The billions of changes occurring in our cells are only the passing scenery of life; (P. 36)" Or try to interpret this one: "The emptiness at the core of every atom is the womb of the universe; in the flicker of thought when two neurons interact there is an opportunity for a new world to be born. (P.40)" At times he attributes to cells and DNA a creative intelligence to direct their own construction and at other times his designer is invisible. He would make a great spokesman for the current hocus pocus over "intelligent design." He can't accept the growth of any cell, even a plant cell, without an intelligence involved. He mentions and attacks evolution only one time on P. 115, asserting that the growth of a cell could never be a random process. Deepak ends up in the very same thought circle as every other writer who tries to explain life in scientific terms: Intelligence is a self organizing entity and every cell evolved is only intelligence having a conversation with itself. Whether your word game tosses in the word "quantum" or not doesn't change much. What a solipsistic thought; what a solipsistic world. I wonder if his readers who actually experienced the oneness Deepak speaks of wouldn't, after awhile, go insane 
Ironically, socialist, anti-American, iconoclastic Professor Taylor, could be, at least in this work, the inspiration for the great David Irving's more pathbreaking work on an unneccesary and destructive war. It is demonstrated that Adolph Hitler, the popular Nationalist German leader, was no more responsible, and in many ways less so, than the so-called Allies, who foolishly guaranteed Poland, only to give her over to jewish Bolshevism at Yalta. By refusing to grant Germany's rightful place as a continental power, Britain and France lost millions of lives, their world empires, and their economic prominence. The sole beneficiaries of this needless conflict were the Soviets and their Western fellow travellers. And upon the final dissolution of the evil empire, courtesy of one Dutch Reagan, we have a European continent completely dominated by...Germany 
I loved THE FOUR AGREEMENTS by Don Miguel Ruiz, in which he shared wisdom from his Toltec ancestors . . . it helped me and I'm sure countless others develop a simple, yet effective code of personal conduct. So when I had the chance to listen to his follow-up book, THE MASTERY OF LOVE, I naturally was intrigued by the possibility of gaining some more valuable insights from the author--this time dealing with the subject of both developing and maintaining a loving relationship. Perhaps my only disappointment in this title was that it was too short . . . I gained so much from it that after one listening, I immediately felt the need to go back and listen a second time . . . methinks that if you were reading it, you'd do the same, if just to master this one concept: To try to change somebody is to try to change a dog or cat. You love them for who they are. If you're with somebody, don't try to change him or her. Also, there were these other valuable tidbits: Let go of the past and begin every day with a high level of love. If you don't love yourself, you can change your belief and your life will change. When you hear your heart guiding you to happiness, make a choice and stick to it. Forgive others, and you will see miracles happen in your life. And lastly, there was this one that really struck home: If your choice is to be in a relationship and your partner is playing the same game . . . what a gift! 
Without question a book is needed to address the origin and history of late night television and Steve Allen's pivitol role it. Sadly Ben Alba's "Inventing Late Night: Steve Allen and the Original "Tonight Show'', is not that book. It is, largely, a poorly edited and self-contradicting pastiche of previously published memoirs by Allen himself combined with some excellent interviews with Allen's TV contemporaries. These interviews could form the basis of an excellent book by the likes of biographers Scott Berg (Sam Goldwin) or Neal Gabler (Walter Winchle). The opening chapter, which addresses Allen's dysfuntional up-bring, education and his early days in radio and TV sets the stage for the author's failure to create a full-blooded, well-rounded analytical portrait of Allen and his work. Alba draws here, almost exclusively and certainly uncritically, from Allen's memiors while combining these words with one quote from a childhood friend and two early reviews. Taking Allen and the reader's one independent witness at face value, Allen had a rootless, violent and unstable childhood. Given these negative conditions Alba gives no hint of how, why or even if, Allen really remained attached to his drunken and generally unstable mother and her equally troubled extended family. The author gives us two brief stories from Allen's adulthood to demonstarte that the family ties endured. Actually, all the stories show is that Allen attended an uncle's funeral and very briefly troted his mother out once on his Sunday night show. How did this dysfunctional world of Allen's youth effect his two marriages and five sons? Why, after a childhood on the fringes of a perlious show business existance did Allen choose this same career field for himself? Alba doesn't even pose such questions about the boy's effects on the man. He just plows ahead in a haliographic haze. Throughout "Inventing..." Alba maintains this pattern of unquestioning acceptance Allen's words. No other witnesses are called, no other points of view are examined. Steve tells a story; Alba accepts it and edits it into his text. Why not read Allen straight? 
This book is by far the worst proofed book I've ever read in my life. I can't believe I'm writing this as a review, because I can normally overlook a few typos. However, the typos in this book make for an almost impossible read. I can't believe I paid money for it 
I ALREADY HAVE THIS BOOK AND I AM NOW BUYING FOR FRIENDS. IT DOES SPEAK TO ALL AGE GROUPS AND IS MAGNIFYING TO THOSE OF US GALS WHO GREW UP IN THE SAME TIME. ANNA QUINDLIN WRITES AS IF SHE BROKE INTO MY BODY AND STOLE MY THOUGHTS, MY DREAMS AND MY MEMORIES. IF SO, I THANK HER FOR THE INTRUSION BECAUSE SHE OBVIOUSLY LOOKED AROUND. IT SOMETIMES TAKES MY BREATH AWAY, THE WAY SHE PUTS INTO WORDS EXACTLY WHAT I FEEL. I THANK HER FOR THAT, BUT I WON'T ASK FOR ROYALTIES 
At the height of socialist popularism in England, cir. 1944, George Orwell, a leading proponent of socialism, believing in its promises as did many,if not most of Eurpose's leading intellectuals and politicians, wrote a review of Hayek's famous book, "The Road to Serfdom." Orwell wrote the review in the "Observer," London April 9,1944. Hayek, mentions this fact as a footnote in chapter 17 of his classic book, "The Constitution of Liberty" published in 1960, as evidence of the disillusionment of socialist intellectuals, when they were confronted with the observation that individualism and socialism were mutually exclusive. Those same intellectuals had not accepted the proposition when advanced by Karl Mannheim in his book, "Man and Society in an Age of Reconstrucion" (1940). Mannheim had been a long opponent of socialism, but Orwell had only been converted after being exposed to "The Road to Serfdom." By 1960, when Orwell had become a world renowned author and staunch opponent of Big Brother doublespeak, Hayek recognized that the political proponents of socialsm which was dying as a political ideal, were now introducing the concept of the welfare state. While virtually everyone alive today have been effected by Orwell's works and his prescient warnings about Big Brother, how many of us are aware of Hayek's infulence on him? "The Constitution of Liberty" provides its readers with an enormous wealth of knowledge, of which this one footnote is only a small example. Each reader is bound to be effected in one way or another by the knowledge imparted to them, and this is one of the main lessons to be learned about "liberty" which requires the "rule of Law" to exist in today's society, but that Rule of Law must be understood. The failure of today's inteligencia is to fail to fully comprehend the meaning of liberty and its necessity in a world full of confusion from the confrontation of competing civilizations. Unfortunately, Hayek is no longer alive to help guide us through the new millenium. Fortunately, he has left us a large volume of work, perhaps more relevant today than it was when written years ago. While "The Constitution of Liberty" is voluminous in itself, it should be kept as a reference book. Hayek's other works, "The Road to Serfdom" and his last published volume, "Fatal Conceit-the Evils of Socialism" published in 1980 is a magnificent continuation of Hayek's life long discertation on the evolution of mankind's growth from a tribal, familial society which did not require man to understand or protect Liberty, to a group of city-states that prospered because of the Liberties protected in Athens, but only moderately understood, so that such a great and wise philosopher as Aristotle would believe that freedom could only exist as far as a man could yell. Hayek's understanding that Western Civilization has prospered from individualism, that it has grown and prospered from the freedom to travel, to trade, to exchnge property, material, real and intellectual. He explains why man must be humble, that humans progress from trial and error, not from conceited belief that one way or another way is correct. That to be free and liberated is to be free to make mistakes and government should exist to protect individuals'rights to make mistakes while they attempt to profit in their own ideals and beliefs. 
The chief problem with this book is that the writer incorporates the French perspective by using citations in French with no translations. I took 2 years of high school French but I'm not that good! This could be overlooked except that, for obvious reasons, I was very interested to hear the perspective of French writing on this lopsided defeat. The experience was like someone telling a long joke and them mumbling the awaited punchline, or someone tearing out the last page of a riveting mystery novel. I simply can't believe key citations weren't translated. Otherwise the study of Henry V was great, and I would like to hear more about him (except since he died young I probably heard it all already.) The treatment of the battle was superficial, but perhaps given the lack of material this could be understood, but more could be done 
Rabbi Harold S. Kushner is one of the best known authors of our time, having written the classic book, When Bad Things Happen to Good People. This, his ninth book, was one of the top ten best selling religious books of the past year. As the title indicates, it is a study of Psalm 23, certainly the most beloved of all of the Psalms. Dr. Kushner writes with a pastor's heart and a special eye toward the healing wisdom to be found in that portion of God's Word. If you are looking for a book about putting your spiritual life into meaningful practice, you might wish to read this book. It is filled with inspiration and encouragement for an ongoing trusting relationship with God. Kushner takes each phrase of the Psalm as his chapter headings, and verse by verse, provides insight and practical suggestions for how to make these truths come alive each day. Throughout the book, Kushner utilizes his vast knowledge of the original Hebrew text to help the reader understand the nuances of the words such as "soul" and "cup". He explains the nuances of what the soul is and why the soul needs nourishing. He states, "The world asks so much of us. We give ourselves so totally to our work, to the task of raising our family and running a home that we often forget to take time to nourish our souls..." (page 61). The fact that God helps us "feel safe in an unsafe world" (page 50) is the Psalmist's theme, repeated and emphasized in every line. Drawing from the world of science and literature, art and great works of theology, this deceptively small book is filled with encouragement and blessing. Occasionally, Christians forgo reading Jewish authors, forgetting that Judaism is the forerunner of our own faith in Jesus Christ. That would be a mistake. For, here, we have a work that is sacred to both of our traditions, presented by an acclaimed author, dedicated scholar and proven congregational leader. Dr. Kushner is Rabbi Laureate of Temple Israel in Natick, Massachusetts. He has been honored by the Christophers as one of fifty people who have made the world a better place and by Religion in American Life as their Clergyman of the Year in 1999. This is a book to read, give and savor over time. If you find this review helpful you might want to read some of my other reviews, including those on subjects ranging from biography to architecture, as well as religion and fiction. 
Hmm, quite a disappointment, especially after splurging on the hardcover edition. Set as a kind of "Rockies Rear Window," this is one slow story. Endless pages of crazy-making when I'd already guessed the outcome about halfway through. Finally skipped ahead to finish the book. I had really looked forward to Angels Fall, too :( If you are a Roberts fan, don't spend the money on the hardcover, wait for the paperback, go to the library, or borrow from a friend. Not worth the price. 
There are plenty of excellent Play Therapy books out there, this is not one of them. Maybe it's just me, but a play therapy book should be way more user friendly. I need quick access, color and... ART 
Here is the disclaimer: I was already a proponent of tort reform before I read this book. However, after reading this novel, I am a stronger proponent of it than ever. Enter Clay Carter - unknown defender in D.C. of the poorest of the poor. Then a nice juicy settlement falls into his lap, one he can't refuse, partly because the parent's of his long-time girlfriend are pressuring him regarding his money. Give Carter a taste of money, then the greed sets in. For the middle half of the book, we get to see unadulterated greed come to run his life! Especially infuriating is how he lets that greed come before the well-being of his clients. This is what will be his undoing. One of his clients who was already ticked off at a settlement he made gets a terminal illness and decides to go after his lawyer. This is the rags to riches to almost rags in the course of about eighteen months. Grisham actually makes you feel sympathetic with the main charater (Clay Carter) through his rise, and especially his fall. That shows to the quality of his storytelling. In fact, while Carter is in some ways a sympathetic character, he mostly is not! Mass torts and greed is the theme of this story. The fact that he came back to haunt him was only justice. Too bad such justice doesn't often happen in the real world of mass torts 
The Reviewers above and below warn that the novel is difficult to read. If you a person of average intelligence, all you need is a character list and a careful reading and you will have absolutely no problem finding your way through the greatest novel ever written. (It's an incredibly easy read the second time around.) The Sound and the Fury is a summation of Faulkner's works. Everything that is done in the rest of his novels was first done in The Sound and the Fury. The Sound and the Fury is poignant and tragic. It is monumental in its mythical power. It is Southern and yet it is universal. It is Faulkner's triumph as a novelist. It is a study of human consciousness, perception, and existence. The novel follows the decline and eventual fall of the Compson family. In Faulkner's world of Yoknapatawpha County, the Compsons and Sartorises, the Sutpens and de Spains, in other words, the established old families of Jefferson declined as the invasive and unethical Snopes, portraits of the modern businessman, ascended to power. The story is an intimate portrayal of the Compsons, and yet it is a symbolic and mythical account of decline and tragedy. Why is it the greatest novel ever written? It takes the innovations in narrative technique as developed by Joyce and Woolf in the movements of European Modernism (which it does better and with more purpose than Joyce and Woolf) and combines them with an exploration of storytelling and an intense devotion to a portrayal of place and region. The story is great and moving. The characters are loveable, hateable, tragic, and intensely vivid. The place is conceived and presented with taxing reality. The language, as with all of Faulkner's novels, is at times soaring and at times quite terse. The structure is perfectly balanced and symbolically paired with the passion of Christ (the three days are Good Friday, Holy Saturday, and Easter Sunday). In short, it is the paradigmatic example of what literature can (and should) do; even the greatest of literary feats stand in its shadow 
Bishop presents an entertaining history of bees and beekeeping, and gives us an absolutely fascinting tour into the relationship between humans and bees, both ancient and modern. What she misses are her science references: On page 142, Bishop recounts the removal of a stinger: "...he grabbed the whole sac, which simply squeezed in more venom." This is not true. It is an oft-repeated piece of conventional wisdom, but in 1996, entomologists at UC Riverside published an article in The Lancet (348:301-302), with the conclusion that rather than removal method, speed is of the essence. Visscher and Vetter wrote of their conclusion: "The method of removal is irrelevant, but even slight delays in removal caused by concerns over performing it correctly (or getting out a knife blade or credit card) are likely to increase the dose of venom received. The advice should be changed to simply emphasize that the sting should be removed, and as quickly as possible." On page 276, Bishop writes about royal jelly "...worker bees secrete and feed exclusively to a select few fertilized eggs, one of which, on this special diet, will grow into a queen." This is patently incorrect. Royal jelly, as all beekeepers know, is fed to all the brood by nursery bees for the first 2-3 days of the brood's development. After this time, most brood who are not destined to be queens will receive pollen as food, whereas queens are fed the jelly all their lives. It is rather stunning that an author who keeps bees herself and obviouly spent considerable efforts in researching her book can make such a glaring error in bee knowledge. This was quite a blow to me at this point in the book as I have enjoyed the book very much, and to run into such a blatantly uninformed statement from the author caused me major disappointment. Otherwise, this is quite a good, absorbing read. 
Dawn written by Elie Wiesel is a story about two men who are meant to be killed at the same time, at dawn. David Ben Moshe is Jewish and will be killed by the English at the same time as Elisha; a Jewish man will kill an English man John Dawson.Elisha and his friends wait all night for dawn, the book takes place with them in one room, thinking about what they have to do, they have little conversation between each other. I did not find the book Dawn very interesting,I found it to move very slow, because Elisha and his friends stayed in one room during the whole story, and while one man was thinking about what he should do or how he felt, the reader did not know how the other people where feeling at that time. The part I found the most interesting was when there would be conversation between Elisha and his friends, especially when they talked about their pasts, which was one of my favorite parts of the book, it was interesting because there was more action happening when they when explaining their past. Although I found this book boring for the most part it was very descriptive and therefore I would recommend it to anyone who likes very descriptive books. 
Not that I don't like Shakespeare's works, but his tragedies are terrible, especially this one. I can't understand the language real well, so I have to grab one with the contemporary language so that it'll be easier to understand. I just can't understand this love tragedy at all! Here are some things that confuse me: *How did this feud really begin? *Why can't this story end in happily ever after? *Why does Lady Capulet have to be so stuck up on everybody? *Why couldn't Shakespeare have written in a language we could all understand? *Why does everybody have to jump to conclusions? I simply can't understand why people love this play so much. It's ridiculous! If you want a true love story, try reading "A Midsummer Night's Dream". This one absolutely SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!! 
No wonder John Gardner didn't write more fiction books. He was far too preoccupied with what he believes makes good fiction, rather than actually writing it. "Creative atrophy" I believe John Gardner himself would call it. If there's ever been a better example of the "those who can't do, teach" argument, I haven't encountered it. This is hardly the place a "Young Writer" should start. Instead, how about reading what you like and avoiding "ignoramouses" such as John Gardner? John Gardner is unable to accept the fact that many of the world's finest writers never made it through college, and many more didn't have the luxury of a "rigorous classical education." The most hilarious part is where Gardner mentions that only through a line-by-line university level discussion will anybody ever be able to fully enjoy Shakespeare. It's interesting to note how Gardner, who "taught" creative writing at the university level, fails to exhibit the critical thinking and objectivity he says one can only obtain through a college education 
After two weeks on this diet plan I could bearly lift my head up. I nearly fell asleep driving home from work nights...not to mention hardly staying awake while at work. I thought it would be a pleasant change from the restrictions of Atkins, but I was never tired on Atkins. I don't know if it had something to do with insulin from the sudden onslaught of carbs...or what the problem was. All I know is I am happily following Atkins and losing much more rapidly than I did on this CAD plan. In two weeks I lost 6 lbs. on CAD...14 on Atkins. You figure it out 
I liked most of Jo Beverly's books. In fact, she is one of my favorite romance writers. That's why it's hard to believe she could write something so boring and contrived. The premise -- saving an opium addict--- is good. One could expect a lot of turmoil between the lovers. But no -- it's all pretty smooth. The passion is tepid and not much else happens. A series of "Rogues" from previous books is paraded before the reader without really adding to the story. And the conversations are so boring that I simply had to skip them. I guess this may be enjoyable to new romance readers who do not know better or hard core Beverly fans 
I love this little recipe book! It is very simply written, but informative -- everything from what a crepe is and how to turn them, stack them, freeze them, and thaw them, to diagrams on folding crepes and blintzes, and, of course, the recipes: the basic crepe recipe followed by all the variations, as well as dessert crepes and blintzes. Haven't tried very many yet, but am looking forward to it -- especially the orange dessert crepes 
my son chris played on this team. i love coach k as he has gotten me a job and new car. duke has saved my family's life . this is a great book and all duke fans should read it. FIST! - vivian harpe 
Does D.S. know any other law schools besides, Harvard and Yale for her characters to have attended. I am so tired of her books...this is it for me. Its the usual suspects for her...rich and white....quite boring. I used to love her and would read anything from her, but those days are over.....Maybe she should retire 
I didn't care for this book at all. I think it is a very well written book, for TEACHERS, but not for a parent who is transracially adopting a child. I was looking for a book on how I would parent an African American child and this book was more of a textbook. I think it is very misleading to have it labeled as a "must read for parents and teachers" and it should be advertised as a book for teachers. I thought "Inside Their Voices" was much more informative about the experiences of a transracially adopted child 
This is a warm and readable book about a fascinating subject: What happens at death, or near death? It is written by a world renowned and respected scholar and medical doctor. And, in spite of the fact that I am a Christian, with conservative beliefs, and even though I maintain my faith carefully focused on God, I do nevertheless give the accounts in this book some credence (along with its companion, written subsequently, "Life Beyond Death"). I invite you to read it and see why 
Normally I don't take the time to write a review, but this book just bugged me. When I finished I felt like I had run a marathon. The book was just too drawn out and I felt the descriptions were long winded. Faith was a little too unbelieveable even though she was abused and had little self esteem. The plot was good, but moved slowly. I am typically not drawn to Danielle Steel books and probably with good reason that I never seem to like them very much. I am glad that this book was in a box of 30+ books that I paid $15 for at a used book store. I would have felt like I wasted my money had I actually paid full price for it 
All right... All right, I say. So I'm writing about a preteen book about a little girl. That doesn't make me weird does it? It shouldn't since I had to read it for a college course. So I'm writing because, well, who would've ever guessed, but I loved it? It's a ripping story, man. It is funny, inventive, historic and riveting, all the things I was sure it wouldn't be when I got assigned the book. So, here I am, blown away by a book about a little girl. I don't even like history, but it wasn't presented as antiquated. It was dealt with as you and I would deal with our history, as pertinent, in the moment, and nothing that has been generated and worked over in a history book. I'm telling you, the character Darby is great, as are all the characters, including the total garps that go around spouting their racist jargon, etc, until Darby unintentionally questions everything, causing all matter of problems, like maybe she'll get knocked off by the Klan. The story is actually something you'll find yourself absolutely focused on. I couldn't put it down. I've read a lot of adolescent fiction for this class, and I can say that if I had a kid, I'd be pouring this down their brain. So, does that make me weird? Who cares, huh? I had to read the book for my class, and I'm happy I did 
What I like about this book is that the tone is just right for a self-conscious preteen boy who has more questions than answers but is too embarrassed to ask anybody. Leave this book in his room or in the bathroom without making a big deal of it, and I bet he'll take a look inside. Some books are so clinical; others don't provide enough information. This one gets it right--at least for your basic seventh or eighth grader. As someone who has been writing for girls for years, I'm always curious about what is out there for boys, and I like Daldry's style. Carol Weston, author of Girltalk: All the Stuff Your Sister Never Told You 
Walter Boyne's The Influence Of Air Power Upon History is an informed and informative history which examines the nature and applications of air power from the early days of the balloon to current space warfare and jets. Air power exercised in both war and peace times survey the contributions made by people and technology of each era, drawing some important links between individual achievement and usage 
Mr Hargrave's book contains practical guidance to developing a sound, realistic and executable strategic business plan. Drawing from his wealth of business experience from working leading various corporations and running his own consultancy practice, the book provides a detailed framework from which managers can follow to draw up their own plans. On top of that, explainations are given throughout the book on why certains steps are needful while others are superfluous, what key issues to consider and what pitfalls to avoid in formulating the plan. Three words that describe the content of the book will have to be: impactful, illuminating and practical. A must-read for managers and aspiring MBAs in strategic management. A second edition to bring in the role of IT in strategic planning would be great 
It certainly is no surprise with the development of technology and expansion of capitalism that knowledge-based workers are the future in American Society. It seems to me that Drucker spent too much time attempting to criticize Marx, which was a complete failure. Drucker didn't even fully analyze Globalization in its entirety. The only credit that should be given to this book is his analyzation of the American worker. Nonetheless, he offers a limited viewpoint on all aspects of society. Look elsewhere if you want to get a better understanding of where our world is headed and what state we are in. Drucker neglects the whole and simply accepts what backs his own perspective 
I gave this book two stars because the book was a little boring and dragged on in some areas. The best information was in the margins and the quotes not really any of the information in the book. I have read: Carolyn, Bill, and Amy's books and I want to give this one a try. This book is truly for The Apprentice TV lover but if you are looking for business advice this is not the book for you 
Yuk!!! Worst Book I've ever read - I read alot and with alot of variety. This book stinks (too farfetched, retched, disgusting and plain weird). 
I first saw this book reviewed in the early 1990's. It aroused a double response of curiosity and suspicion. Like many a cynic I asked myself, "Now who's this guy and what's he spinning?" Against my natural inclination to dismiss it, I ordered POG. On receiving it I began reading and found my suspicions confirmed: here was another triumphal and insensitive adherent to the doctrine of the sovereignty of God. Strangely, however, I couldn't stop reading. Despite months of scrawling angry counter-arguments in the margins of its pages I was drawn inexplicably to the sensibility of its core premise about God's delight in being God. To make this story short, I found myself, in the end, exhausted but surrendered to the portrait of God that Piper paints with the full palette of scriptural truth. And finally happy too, with the beginnings of the joy Piper wished for his sons in the Foreword. Salvation history testifies to the fact that a distinguishing evidence of the truth is that it is often hated - at first. The fact that POG eventually had such an unnatural (or supernatural) effect on someone like me - initially so inclined to resist and rebuff - speaks more to the validity of this book than if I had joined immediately in the chorus of deserved admiration. This is not a critical analysis of POG; others have provided that sufficiently on this page. Instead it's a personal account of the Irresistible Grace that against all nature drew a small and scoffing soul into undeserved open spaces where God's glory was seen...and is now sung. 
As a long time fan of Nicholas Sparks, I was a little disappointed in this book. The potential for it to be a great story faded when it became about these two characters and nothing more. The entire book takes place in this little Bed and Breakfast and lacks the support of any minor characters. There just wasn't enough going on in this book to keep my attention. Sparks's writing is beautiful as usual, but the plot for this story just didn't impress me the way his other stuff did. If you are looking for a great Nicholas Sparks read, try The Rescue 
The book's appearance and story line are both lighthearted and gentle with the underlying message that acceptance is the highest of all virtues. This approach will probably work for a typical 5 year old child in a Lesbian led household - especially a girl child. If the child is a boy and/or approachng 8 or 9 years old, the hard questions start coming and this book pretends these questions will never be asked. Doesn't everyone have a father, somewhere? Who is my father? What is he like? Where is he? Does he know about me? Does he care about me? Why don't I know? Why don't you know, Mommy? Mommy, when you grew up you lived with your Daddy, why don't I? When I grow up, should I live with a man or a woman? Why? How/when will I know? Does it matter? Is our family really a complete family if my father is unknown? I want to be a father some day. How do I learn what good fathers do? I love my friends and my dog;Does that make us a family? Think about it. 
This book is simply an ego boost for the author. I found absolutely nothing I could use in my own business, but was vaguely impressed with the writers "word of mouth" business. I kept reading, expecting to find the secrets to starting my own word of mouth campaign any minute, only to feel that final book readers frustration in the end. No good ending, no secrets revealed, this book is a waste of time 
I bought this off of the New York Public Library website. What an utter waste of $40. The book that comes with the software is somewhat helpful, but honestly there is no new information to anyone who has been collecting books for a while. The worst part is the "software" that you are supposed to use to catalog your books. First of all, it is difficult to install--this is always a sign of a inferior product: no product that was properly QA'd would be released in such condition. Second of all, the product is just a fancy version of a spreadsheet. I could literally use Excel or MS Access to catalog my books just as well as this software. You actually have to input EVERY piece of data associated with a book. There is no excuse for anyone with an Internet connection to have to manually input book data. I state again: it is very surprising that the New York Public Library would include this product in their stores. It is a major, major rip off and there are far superior cataloging products out there. The product I finaly ended up using is one called Readerware (http://www.readerware.com/). Readerware, for the same amount of money ($40), allows you to scan in the barcodes of your books--the software comes with its own CueCat scanner. Then the software looks up the barcodes you entered, (using the Internet), and updates each barcode with all the available info on the book. I scanned 800+ books in about 4-5 hours. BTW, you can also use Readerware to scan in all of your DVDs and CDs, (you have to pay more to get the full version of Readware that supports books, DVDs, and CDs). Of course, you don't have to take my recommendation to buy "Readerware", but please don't waste your money on "Your Home Library. 
Hmmm. I'm struggling to give Agatha Christie such a low rating. She wrote the kind of mysteries that you could sink your teeth into. Not quick reads, but very methodical with lots of character development. I don't always feel very motivated to get through some of those slow-moving chapters, but I always do it knowing that I will be rewarded with a great ending. Christie was great at spinning scenarios designed to shock the reader when the who, where and why were finally revealed in the end. I was shocked again at the end of this book - not because I didn't know who the killer was, but actually because I already knew who and how. I tried to convince myself for awhile that it had to be someone else because it was just too obvious. Very disappointing. Christie books I would recommend instead - ABC murders, And Then There Were None and Murder of Roger Ackroyd 
Should Martha Rules have included any information regarding her going to prison as a "business decision"? I would have been interested in reading about the pr strategy used in this "criminal spectacle" designed to make the question of Martha/Mdiddy's innocence a moot point. Are honest business practices being pushed to the side? By normalizing, generalizing, and minimalizing Martha/Mdiddy's crimes, are we loosing our morality? How important is integrity to a leader...former CEO of a company? Be "thoughtful 
On the one hand, I loved the book, since I am a big fan of Thomas Paine. However, my particular copy was missing the last 50 pages or so of "The Age of Reason". When they get the printing and/or binding problems straightend out and have purged the inventory of the defective books, they should remove this review. At that point, I will eagerly buy a new copy 
Dr. Northrup provides women with practical information about their bodies, stages of life and medical procedures. However, I was appalled by her bias against Western cultural heritage and Christianity. Her views on those topics were extremely unbalanced, with no acknowledgement of their positive contributions to culture and women. As a Catholic whose best teachers were strong-minded, compassionate religious sisters, I felt offended by her slur against nuns. I am aware that not everyone feels the same way about their religious upbringing, but I would expect an academic to strive for some balance in their research. 
...Uldrich makes big bucks on the public speaking circuit discussing nanotechnology...I suspect this book was published for no other reason than to provide some "credentials" to support the speaking engagements...his most recent books published since this one have been one about George Marshall and another about Lewis and Clark -- real cutting edge technology there!...nope, don't buy it 
I found stale recounting of very well-known facts about 20th century technologies and their economics, with no insights. Since it covers the gamut from plastics to jet engines to microprocessors, and it's only 200 pages in a fairly large typeface, I wasn't expecting historical depth. But I was expecting at least one fresh idea. I bought it on the strength of a much earlier book by Nathan Rosenberg (about technology in the economy of the 19th century). I was disappointed. I get the feeling the book is intended as a brief survey for people who just came down in the last shower -- college freshmen born in the 1980s. I'll bet they find it kinda stodgy 
I had read such glowing reviews of this book, and had enjoyed other Creamer works so thoroughly that I was suprised how uninspired I was while reading this. Perhaps I failed to be dazzled by Stengel the man. Perhaps I grew tired of the predictable retelling of Stengel's life, season by season, many of which held no remarkable events. Baseball in '41 is a much more rewarding book, full of wonderful anecdotes well recounted 
This book will be invaluable now as I am going to groom my dog myself. The instructions are easily understood 
This fiction of a plot against American Jews is very interesting. It is well written and it holds your attention. The little boy telling the story and the intricacy of politics attached to the story make this novel a book you cannot put aside. This is about an era of American history, and it is well documented. I recommend it to everyone: the older generation who lived thru it and particularly to the younger generation of people who are not familiar with this period; it teaches that history is constantly in the remake and cultural differences are still a problem in our world. 
We're all getting old and fat! This book just makes you feel less alone about the ordeal 
Since I listened to this as a cd it is difficult to comment on the book as Tony Roberts performance was so bad, it was impossible to follow the story line. He read so slowly that it seems he received a bonus if he could stretch this little book into 7 excruciating cds which he did. In addition to the slooooow reading, his characterization were completely over the top. Dino sounded like a moron and "Billy Bob" well like a Texas moron. And what about Billy Bob, that cliche name eptomized the whole weak little story. Skip this this one or prepare to suffer 
In addition to the fact that I, too, felt that I was enduring a commercial for DFA, I was annoyed by the fact that this book is nothing more than a rehash of The Only Guide to a Winning Investment Strategy You'll Ever Need: Index Mutual Funds and Beyond - The Way Smart Money Invests Today, Swedroe's May, 1998 book. He introduces a small number of new studies and illustrations, but if you've read the first book, there's no reason to look at this one 
Having read most of Grisham's books, I've saved a few of his "best" for last. While it wasn't a 5 star book like I'd hoped, it certainly was one of his better books with a lot of detail and of course the plot was an interesting one. Having saw the movie years ago, I had a good idea of what the book was about: Two Supreme Court Justices are killed, a law school student, along with many other people become curious and try to figure out "who dun it"...only, she writes a brief and hits the nail on the head, and when the wrong people find out, she's on the run for her life! I enjoyed the book mostly because it was fast-paced, and had a lot of detail. So much detail and characters, I had a bit of a struggle to keep up! Of course it was suspenseful and the characters, especially of Darby, the law school student and the reporter who starts to help her uncover the truth. Good read 
I found this book very boring. Tyler does a good job on detailing the charictors but I kept waiting for something to happen. Poor Maryam never developed into a person she was so caught up in trying to be a proper American. I will read another of her books since she is so well thought of 
This book is old news and is filled with predictions for 2005 2006 - most of which are inacurate. His boom and subsequent bust theories are not materializing - and at this point even if they do will be of much smaller scale than his grand predictions (DOW over 40,000) presented in this book 
Tony Hillerman once again takes us into the world of the Navajo with Jim Chee and the legendary Joe Leaphorn of the Navajo Tribal Police. I read this for the first time some years ago, and this entry in the long-running series is very exciting. It has a lot of atmosphere and Leaphorn and Chee are fleshed out more than usual in this terrific read. Both Chee and Leaphorn are dealing with personal issues as this one begins. Chee hasn't quite figured out how he feels about Mary leaving him because he could not leave his Navajo way of life behind and move to the city with her. He is smitten with a pretty Navajo attorney named Janet but she's with someone else. Leaphorn meanwhile, is on terminal leave and retiring after the unexpected death of his beloved wife Emma. Niether he or Chee can explain his obsession with finding a missing pot hunter named Eleanor Friedman-Bernal. No Navajo would be involved, as stealing pots like this would make one a "Thief of Time" according to Navajo tradition. Chee's letting a rather large backhoe get stolen right from under his nose will have ties to Leaphorn's investigation, and once more Chee will be helping Leaphorn all across the Navajo territory. This one will stretch all the way into Utah and down the San Juan River. Leaphorn will be reminded of a young boy's death by drowning before this one wraps up, and it will have unexpected ties to his search for Eleanor. It seems Eleanor was looking for pots made by the Anasazi, a tribe that simply vanished from the face of the earth. Pictographs and petroglyphs of Kokopelli, the "Watersprinkler," will play a vital part in this mystery. But Eleanor's interest is also anthropological, and someone thinks what she's discovered is worth killing for. Leaphorn and Chee will be hundreds of miles apart when they reach the same conclusion in this complex mystery. One will have to race to the other as things turn ugly, and two very different men will find commom ground when Leaphorn asks the unexpected of young Chee. Hillerman's descriptions of the thousand foot cliffs along the San Juan River at night, under a sky filled with Navajo mystery, will enthrall you. This is a good mystery and quite possibly the best in the series. You don't want to miss this one 
Like most critics of Objectivism, Mr. Walker focuses his criticism on Ayn Rand's frailties and idiosyncrasies rather than the principles of the philosophy she founded. My disappointment in his book was immediate and I have to say it's as unoriginal a piece of writing as any other critic I've read. His cynicism drips from almost every sentence and his contempt for all things Objectivism is obvious to anyone who takes ideas seriously. I cannot recommend this book even to those interested in contrasting views of her approach to philosophy; this book was written for those of like mind to the author...whatever mind they can be said to have. The body and scope of work done by Objectivist scholars who've never met Ayn Rand now ellipses her work - both fiction and non-fiction - and the work of her original core of thinkers. To characterize the movement as a cult may have had some validity in the years prior to her death, but only in the most remote sense of the word. Right now the ranks of Objectivism are swelling with intelligent people who differ in background AND in opinion. Mr. Walker's principle mistake is looking at Objectivism as something that was born exclusively from the mind of Ayn Rand...something Miss Rand herself would disagree with. Objectivism is the logical continuation of a line of thought that views mankind as a reasoning animal...a line that extends back through history and begins (explicitly) with Aristotle. Those (like Mr. Walker) who dismiss it on the basis of Miss Rand's personality and the culture of people that grew around her in her lifetime are truly missing an opportunity to enlighten themselves. There is no doubt Ayn Rand is a polarizing figure; my advice to those inclined to read Mr. Walker's book is to read Miss Rand's books as well. Particularly her non-fiction. I'm not a real big fan of her novels or fiction in general - it was Rand's non-fiction works that first inspired me to study her philosophy - so my first suggestion would be "Philosophy: Who Needs It." I enjoyed her novels, but I enjoyed her non-fiction more 
This book is fun comical book for children who want to read something mysterious. This cute book gives the reader the enthusiasm in turning the pages to see what happens of the young boy going into a creepy house focusing on the search of his mother. Cynthia Marie Rizzo, author of "Julie and the Unicorn" and "Angela and the Princess 
I really liked Suzanne Summers. I've read all her other books and have her tai chi exercise video. When I saw her on the Today show advertising this book I couldn't wait to get it. She promotes the Schwarzbein Principle which states that being a vegetarian is unhealthy. Suzanne has an entire chapter dedicated to someone named Wendy who after 10 years of being a vegetarian was convinced to start eating meat again! Just because Wendy's particular diet was unhealthy, that doesn't mean that all vegetarians are unhealthy. There are meat eaters that have unhealthy diets. Look at all the Hindus in India, they're lifetime vegetarians and are healthy. I know that soy has been a controversial subject recently, but it's the pill form of soy that is questionable, soy it it's natural form is healthy for you. How can you say that soy is bad for you when millions of East Asians eat soy as part of their daily diet? I've read countless books and research that supports the benefits of soy. I eat a balanced vegetarian diet and get all the nutrients my body needs. Just because one doctor doesn't believe that a vegetarian diet is healthy, doesn't make it a fact. Suzanne you've really gone too far to tell everyone to stop being a vegetarian. With that misinformation in your book, I have a hard time believing that anything else is true and fact. 
I'm a Conan Doyle fan and found The Alienist to be a pretty good read, so I made the unfortunate mistake of buying this book in softcover without taking a gander inside. Carr seems to think he can ride his reputation for 316 pages without putting much thought into whether anyone along for the trip will get some enjoyment out of it. The dialogue is flat, the plot uncompelling and Carr relies on the near-endless use of exclamation points to inject some excitement!!! into this tale, which left me skipping pages at a time as it neared its conclusion because I couldn't bear to read the mangled sentences. This book has no climax -- just, thankfully, an ending. Spend your money on something worth reading. 
Its a good book to draw examples of idustries in different stages of technology evolution. However it is lacking in theoretical content, 
The Case for Marriage makes arguments supportive of Pres. Bush's policies on marriage. However, Howard Kurtz of The Washington Post (1/26/5) reports that Maggie Gallagher was paid over $40,000 by the Bush Administration to write columns and a "private" report supporting its $300 million HHS marriage initiative. Mr. Kurtz reports that Ms. Gallagher filed a column apologizing to her readers, writing "I should have disclosed a government contract when I later wrote about the Bush marriage initiative. I would have, if I had remembered it." She also states she was "aware vaguely" that her work was federally funded. It must be vaguely hard to remember being paid $40,000. Bad memory, vagueness, national column: what will we say to the children? I wonder who paid Ms. Gallagher to write this book 
Mark Twain once said that (and I paraphrase)the definition of a classic is something that everyone wants to have read and no one wants to read. That is my experience with this book. For some reason, A Tale of Two Cities never made it onto any of my high school reading lists, and I figured it was one of those books I should have under my belt. So I picked it up. What a slog! A book that might have been fascinating due to its French Revolution subject matter was a mass of rambling descriptions and melodrama. We were supposed to shed tears for Sidney Carton, a character who you barely get to know, and root for Lucie Manette...the highly unrealistic paragon of unspoiled goodness. The only thing I liked about this book was how Madame Defarge knitted a list of people on which she planned to take revenge. An admittedly cool concept. Maybe this book speaks to another era, maybe it's past its prime, maybe I don't have the required literary sensibilities, or maybe I couldn't relate, but A Tale of Two Cities bored me to tears. 
This book, above all others, reveals the breakdown of classical (libertarian) liberalism into the statist liberalism of today. Although the first part of the work, being a refutation of Edmund Burke's silly nonsense, is stellar, and is well worth reading. Regardless, the second part, the chapter on Ways and Means in particular, is composed of the most despicable, anti-liberty doctrines that one can find. What Paine basically proposed was a late 18th century form of the welfare state, replete with progressive taxation, subsidies for child birth, and other fine statist amenities. Thus, as all of these things are, in his words, to be claimed as rights, the title of this book comes to mean nothing whatsoever. It is indeed sad that Thomas Paine has gained such an enduring legacy as a friend to liberty. In truth, he is actually one of its worst enemies, as he combines a just zeal for resistance to oppression, revolution, and reason, he sabotages his entire political philosophy 
Red Lily is clearly the best book in the series. While reading this one I could visualize the scenes. This book would make a good movie, but I can't decide under what category it would fit into. Although it's clearly a romance portions of the book would definitely be considered a thriller. With all the talk of a ghost (as the rest of the series) this book it isn't a believable read as much as a fun read. 
In Plain Sight offers an exceedingly thin plot and thin characters, but it is still an enjoyable read owin entirely to author C. J. Box's prowess at telling a story. Saddlestring, Wyoming is enjoying the dawning of spring and, unsuprisingly for a police procedural, a possible murder. Opal Scarlett, the grand and really mean old lady of Thunderhead Ranches, has disappeared and perhaps has been the victim of foul play. Tom Wayman, an alcoholic fishing guide, is brought in as a suspect. Opal, in violation of the law, charged Wayman and other boaters a fee for navigating the river that runs through her land. She strung up razor wire across the river and the lazy sheriff thinks a drunken Wayman killed her when he tossed her into the river. Frankly, there's not a lot of excitement here. Joe Pickett, Wyoming Game Warden, is dealing with a problematic new boss and his 14 year old daughter, Sheridan. Sheridan just happens to be the best friend of Jule Scarlett, daughter of Hank Scarlett, one of two brothers who might be heir to the big ranch. Of course, they can't find a will and the two brothers are smashing each other with shovels when Joe arrives to drop off Julie. Julie, it turns out, doesn't live with her father Hank. No, she lives with Opal's eldest son, Arlen, on his "side" of the ranch. There's a third brother, Wyatt, who is a bit on the weird side. The very weird side. Enter J. W. Keely, a good old boy, who is on the run from Mississippi where he has murdered a couple. On his way to Wyoming to settle a personal vendetta against Joe Pickett, Keely murders a prisoner and then guns down a cowboy who did nothing more than get Keely angry. Again, not much here. Keely is not a convincing bad guy; more like a typed out description of a "bad" guy. Under the name of Bill Monroe (which author Box reminds us several times is also the name of a famous country and western musician) goes to work for both of the Arlen brothers. Golly gee: several nasty things happen at the Pickett household. Oh my, the FBI keeps inquiring into the whereabouts of Nate Romanski (or something close to that spelling) who apparently figured largely in a previous novel. All this produces tension in the Pickett household, high job stress, arguments with best friends. Yawn. Just not a lot of excitement here either. Finally comes the climax. Rain. Thunder. Floods. Pickett's daughers kidnapped! The truth comes out! Box tries for a surprise ending, but it's kind of like a wet firecracker. All that said, "In Plain Sight" is still an enjoyable, if not particularly suspenseful, read. He has a strong writing style and does a nice job of weaving in a feel for Wyoming's people that is, in my opinion, stronger than the underlying story. This is the sixth of the Joe Pickett novels. I won't be going out of my way to read the older ones, but I will keep an eye out for anything new by Box. He's definitely a comer even if he hasn't arrived. Jerr 
If you look at the March 2004 issue of the International Association of Bloodstain Pattern Analysts, you'll find a very negative review of this book. Given that the reviewer (Herbert Leon MacDonell, the Director of Laboratory of Forensic Science Bloodstain Institute of Corning, New York) and all members of IABPA actively work in the field of forensics, I'd take their word for it. Here's an excerpt from the review, which can be found on the web at http://www.iabpa.org/March2004News.pdf "Many fine books have been written on the general subject of forensic science but this is not one of them. It only takes reading the first page for the reader to discover that this book is not going to be a source of accurate forensic information." The reviewer goes on to say: "...the frightening aspect is that lay persons who purchase such garbage are unaware of how inaccurate the things they are reading really are. It is unfortunate that there are publishers out there who will print a manuscript without having some form of peer review to determine whether there are a few minor errors or is it so bad like this book, that they should trash it. 
I think this is Harriet Lerner's best book. I has the clearest and most helpful chapter on family secrets that I've ever read. The chapter called A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Orifice is worth the price of the book. The chapter on affairs, even though controversial, should be helpful to all couples, especially if you think your partner will never cheat on you 
This is the stupidest review I have read so far on this site. The person who wrote it has no idea what they are talking about. I seriously doubt they even considered reading the book. (I haven't but I've been poor and I've been on welfare.) You should know something about a subject before you spout off 
As a prospective college student, I have to tell you how much I appreciate Students' Guide to Colleges. It combines many of the best features of the Princeton Review and Fiske guides with much more comprehensiveness. I also appreciate that it is without any trying-to-sound-hip blather because these are not editor-interjected profiles, they're written by actual students. This is a great compliment--I have been looking at colleges seriously for about a year, and this is the best guide to colleges among the many I've seen. I also just read the Oberlin College profile in this book with an Oberlin alum and relative. She said that this was this most comprehensive and accurate Oberlin portrayal she's read in a guide. Among other things, she and I loved the different student perspectives and the unthinkable-in-previous-guides questions like "what aspect of your school would a prospective student not see on a college tour?" The guide's honesty also impressed me, as the Fiske guide lauded Vassar's "diversity," for example, where Students' Guide admits "Although Vassar likes to talk about diversity a lot, most students are actually wealthy and white." I am confident in saying that anyone applying anywhere from Hampshire to Harvard will find this book incredibly useful!! -Josh 
As a professional, certified chef and baker, I am also an avid baking and cookbook collector. After seeing that this book won and the James Beard and the 'IACP Cookbook of the Year' awards -both prominently displayed on the cover of this book- and after reading the 'too good to be true'-reviews on Amazon -some reviewers sound so exalted and in trance as if Peter Reinhart is the Jesus Christ of Bread- I finally decided to buy this expensive book. What a dissappointment! For all those blindly following Reinhart as he were the Saviour of True Bread, wake up! Reinhart's book is simply flawed. Compared to other bread books, it's even a quite average book. But one that is luxuriously packaged. A lot of hot colorful expensive air. And it's expensive not because of the info and exlusive bread knowledge in it, but because of the super luxuriously editing. This is a book for book enthousiasts, not for bakers, professional or home. I see baking and cookbooks mainly as working tools, as information and inspiration. Not as eye candy. If you want nice pictures, buy an art book. A book on baking bread with these awards behind it, should give you tons of new info about ingredients and techniques, original insights, an appetite for baking, factual info, the newest and tested developments in technique... What you get here is a fluffed up egotrip. 47 formulas and ample bread info packaged into a shining 30-40$ publishing hype. Don't get me wrong: this is a beautiful, expensive book. But one you don't use in the kitchen, and certainly don't smudge with butter but put on the coffee table in the living room to impress guests and have polite conversations about. But as a source of new information or enlightening up to date bread knowledge, giving pointers about using new bread ingredients combined with old proven bread baking techniques, as a working tool sweating near the hot oven at home or at a bakery, compared to other bread books, this book fails miserably info-wise. But it has a snappy lay out. Jeff Hamelmans 'Bread, a Book of Techniques' and Rose Beranbaums 'Bread Bible' give the readers much more practical info and insight into bread baking. They talk more about the subject 'bread'. And not about themselves like Peter Reinhart clearly relishes. Mr Reinhart clearly sees himself as so important and interesting a person that we read in this book about his wife and their sightseeing in Paris. How about the bread info, the kneading, rising, baking, ingredient- and techniques info? I honestly prefer industrious bakers who pass on their baking knowledge clearly without having to read at which hotel room they stayedin. Bakers with such big ego's that think that readers of a Bread Baking book are more interested in the shopping experiences of the wife during 'a learning trip' to professional bakers on which she accompanied him, than in another bread formula's, should work in shobizz, not in a bakery or a culinary school. Big ego's with more talk than substance galore in the food industry. Reinart is, judging by this book, sadly also one of them. I don't see in a 1000 years Rose Beranbaum in one of her books rambling on about her husbands prefered color of ties or Jeff Hamelman writing in a bread book about the time he spent with his wife in Paris. Mr.Reinhart: your readers forked out 30-40$ for bread info, not your personal travel experiences. As you as a teachers no doubts sometimes say to a pupil: Stay with the subject! And the subject of this book, for which I paid is 'Bread and Baking. If we want to know about your personal life, we'll read an interview in People, if they find you interesting enough. Peter Reinharts 'The Bread Baker's Apprentice' as a 'Bread Book' is simply a marketing creation. Smartly edited, but way too short on substance. There is not much new information on bread. Worse: there is not much info at all! In total for 30-40 $, you get exactly 47 formulas on 307 pages of which 2 color photo pages are simply ads for other books by Ten Speed Press, the editor or this book. Compared to Beranbaums 640 pages, Hamelmans 400 plus pages, that is a big difference for a big price. With Reinharts book, you get a lot of shining white surface that in other Bread books is filled with bread info. As a buyer of this book, you also pay for full page black-and-white and color pictures that are pure filler. See p. 3, 6, 26... And why is the beautiful model Fumie on the cover of a bread book and not mr. Reinhart himself or even ... bread alone? With Reinharts next book they will no doubt put Kate Moss in an apron and a bakers vest. Package the air attractive enough and the readers will swallow it and fork out the 30-40$. Never mind the content. Let's talk a bit about the formula's. That should be an important part of a baking book, right? And they should be original and fine tuned, right? Sadly to say: nothing new or original here. Some aren't even fine tuned. And baking is all about fine tuning. Worse, almost all the formula's can be found in other bread books. And, most insulting for a buyer of this book, a lot of the mere 47 formulas (Reinhart uses this expensive word because 'recipe' propably doesn't fit into the marketing of this baking book) in this book are rehashed or directly derived from Reinharts former book 'Crust and Crumb'. Clever marketing and ba-da-bing! By the way, 'Crust and Crumb' has been reedited in 2006. At a fair price, I admit. So if you want your dose of Reinhart at a right price without the pomp, sc�nes of a marriage, without Peter Reinharts comment on the Eiffel tower so to speak... buy 'Crust and Crumb' and leave this luxuriously edited egotrip on the shelves. But before I buy I would also first flip through Beranbaums and Hamelmans bread books in the bookshop or in the Amazon shop. As for this book, you should ask yourself: 'Do I want a serious bread book or a nice coffeetable book?'. Taking in consideration all the egostroking in this book and in reviews, as a baking book for the world market, this book is almost worthless. The universal accepted working standard in worldwide baking is metric weight. Like it or not, but that's a fact. You weigh your ingredients carefully by grams, kilo's etc. Reinhart visited French top bakers Poilane and Gosselin, clearly admires them and aspires to reach their level of baking. I don't think that Poilane measures in cups and ounces! But even then, let Reinhart measure in cups for the home market. But then have the decency to add the metric equivalent in the formula's itself for the rest of the world. This guy goes on and on about his wish to bake authentic European inspired bread like ciabatta, fougasse... About a Worldwide Bread Revolution! And then he refuses to use the most important tool to make these breads: the same language, the metric weight system. Rose Beranbaum places the metric equivalent next to the cups/ounces. It's a simple as that. Bread is a world food, so use the world standard for baking. If not, market your book mainly to the USA market and be honest and upfront about that. And don't give us that inflated hot air babble about a Worldwide Bread Revolution without using the worldwide accepted working standard, the metric wieght system! This big flaw makes the book almost useless for bakers outside the USA. The Worldwide Bread Revolution won't be for tommorrow if we have to use this book worldwide! Next point: Reinhart advocates instant yeast over fresh pressed yeast. Every baker worth his salt (or yeast) will tell you that fresh yeast gives a far better taste, volume and texture. Yeast is a living organism. As 'instant yeast' it has been dried and put on the shelves for God knows how long. It's like you force a just woken up coma-patient, that has been dormant for months, years... to run a marathon. Fresh, pressed yeast is still alive and its taste and texture are a world of difference compared to 'instant' (aka dried) yeast. Try the difference between fresh yeast and instant yeast for taste and texture and fully developed rising at home, and judge for yourself. To place fresh yeast on the same level as instant yeast is preposterous for someone like Reinhart who spends days on his pre ferments! For scientific back up, you can always read the recently translated book of world renowed food scientist Herve This 'Molecular Gastronomy, Exploring the Science of Flavor' (Columbia University Press 2006). And it gets worse. Reinhart frequently uses shortening instead of butter or olive oil in his breads. If Poilane hears this, he'll drop dead! Every baker knows that even a small amount of butter gives a much better taste and texture than shortening. Shortening produces a rancid/metallic taste and a slimy, unpleasant mouthfeel. Not to talk about health. Most shortening is choc full of trans fats which are much more unhealty than butter fat. Read Harvard's nutrition professor Walter Willets book: 'Eat, Drink and be Healthy' (Free Press 2001). New York has already picked this info up. Professional food writer and teacher Reinhart hasn't or doesn't care. For instance, Reinhart proudly declares -not as a joke- that in Italian bread you can use shortening instead of olive oil. In Italian Bread! Come on, let's be serious. And this guy teaches at the Culinary Institute of America! It's like he is advocating spam to put on the BBQ instead of beef! If that is the standard of baking that Reinhart uses, he'll have to wait a long time to reach the standards of a Poilane. Then there is Reinharts Hygi�ne Problem. There is an international standard for basic hygiene in food called the Hazzard Analysis of Critical Control Points (HACCP). Reinhart as a professional tutor and teacher must no doubt know the HACCP by heart. The first thing in hygiene that an apprentice baker learns, is that before even touching ingredients, he must remove all the rings on his fingers. Because the place underneath a wedding band for instance, is the place where the filth gathers and bacteria feast. And kneading dough with all that filth underneath a wedding band that you keep on, is not only very dangerous for the health of customers, it is simply not done for a baker. I like my bread without filth baked in, thank you very much! In the school where I earned my diplome in baking, if a student had a ring on during practical class, he had to leave the class immediately and he lost important points for his exam. Yet we see professional teacher and Bread Book Author Reinhart kneading dough WITH HIS WEDDING BAND ON! See p. 36-37, 82-83, 255, 245... Unforgivable in a 'professional' baking book. And all the more in an expensive book that won the James Beard and IACP awards! Has anyone of the juries of the James Beard Foundation and the IACP, any basic knowledge of food hygiene? Has nobody seen this cardinal sin against food hygi�ne in a so called 'professional Bread Book'? One other thing, for a bread book that pretends to be world class, there is no word about gluten-free bread. Not one formula. And this while more and more people are allergic to gluten (protein in wheat flour). To end on a positive note, one thing I found acceptable in this expensive coffee table book, was his 55 pages with the 12 stages of bread. But, fellow reviewers, you can find all this info and more, and explained more clearly, more detailed and to the point, in Hamelmans 'Bread' and Beranbaums 'Bread Bible'. And it doesn't take 55 pages of expensive high quality shining white paper. Peter, take out all the white empty space, learn to write more clearly and to the point, and you can say the same thing in 20 pages. Which leaves you 35 pages for more formula's for example. But if you haven't any formula's left or are preparing a new book, then, yes, by all means stretch the 12 stages of bread to 55 scarcely printed pages instead of 20. Why make it simple if you can make it seem difficult, impress your not so knowledgable readers and in doing so stroking your own ego? So despite all the hoopla, hyped reviews, near hysterical praise and important awards, this is simply a too expensive, show off-book. It's like the tale of 'the King with no Clothes on'. Somebody has to yell: 'Hey, wait a minute!' If you want good books on bread baking: buy one by Jeff Hamelman, Rose Beranbaum and Bernard Clayton. You don't get a model on the cover, but the content is all the better. And in a bread book, isn't content more important than packaging 
The quirky illustrations done by the masterful Dave McKean at once contribute to the book's charm, but also lend to its dread. However, this is not a book for especially wee ones or children prone to nightmares. Some people may not appreciate Dave McKean's artwork as much as they should, because it is so different, at least to those not familiar with the Sandman graphic novel series written by Neil Gaiman in which Dave McKean did the cover art for all the books. At first glance the layout might seem confusing, even distracting, yet it somehow works here. Neil Gaiman has crafted an eerie tale that befits his style of writing. He introduces us to a charming young girl named Lucy, who suspects something is not right with her home. And though her pig-puppet seems to share her concern and understands her fear, the rest of her family do not...until it's too late. The action waxes and wanes until all seems resolved in the end, though perhaps it is not. You be the judge. This is a worthy book to read to third-graders and above, though some younger children may be able to stomach the tale without any concern. Neil Gaiman deserves praise for bringing his brand of storytelling to a younger audience, one so unfamiliar with his other work. I highly recommend this book 
Only my second James Patterson book, When the Wind Blows, will keep me coming back for more. I was not disappointed and look forward to reading many more of his novels. Frannie, a veterinarian, and Kit, an FBI agent find themselves thrown together in the hopes of saving a few very special children. Surrounded by some mysterious deaths in the past few years, including her own husbands, Frannie now is trying to stop yet another murder. It all begins when she thinks she sees a girl with wings in the forest near her home in Colorado. From here we learn of genetic experiments and more heinous crimes than those. This book was written prior to the much acclaimed and popular Lakehouse with many of the same characters. 
Great book! It's comprehensive and easy to understand. Highly recommended textbook. 
I had expected an insightful analysis of the motivations behind modern terrorism. Instead I got a diatribe against western liberalism. Lee Harris is the poster child for the modern John Birchers, people who believe our way is not only the best way, its the only way. In an increasingly global economic and political system, his view of the world can be said to be outmoded, at best quaint, at worst pathological for if we are truely to address the problems facing humanity over the next 100 years, we will need tolerance and inclusivness. 
Our book club read this last month and not a single member had anything good to say about this book. As the facilitator, I was surprise by the consensus since we usually have at least one or two members who love the monthly selection. The writing is disjointed to the point that Ms. Krauss loses her reader. Then when she introduces the potential that many of the chapters might just be imaginary interactions between the characters, the reader is left extremely frustrated. I really cannot imagine how Ms. Krauss' novel has garnered so many stellar reviews 
I read this book because my English Professor spoke highly of it. I would call it a collection of stupid and hypocritical opinions and ideas. So why did your bridge fall down Mr. Engineer? Oh, I dropped my structural steel class so I could do a course in another language. I don't think it's right to criticize something like a college degree if a person doesn't even possess one. Actually I think that something like a college degree would be a great start before writing a book like this. It might decrease the chances of writing a book as stupid as this one. This book insulted my intelligence and I wouldn't even recommend it for a laugh 
This entry in the Fang Mulheisen series came as a surprise. It was closer to something by Elmore Leonard or even Carl Hiaassen. Great, engaging characters, funny dialogue and an excellent plot 
I am agreeing to the comment of "E for effort" on this book. This book describes the author's attemps to improve his condition and how he suceeded. But he admits in his book that he is not sure which ones actually worked. Plus, the author also takes diabetes medications, along with other medicines and supplements. My main concern is what worked for him probably won't work for someone reading this book. This book does not really provide a clear picture on what to do. He made so many changes on the medications and supplements, it is hard to say what worked. One can find the general imformation presented in this book on "Diet", "Exercise" and "Stress management" (relating to clog arteries heart diseases) through the internet. I didn't gain any new information by reading this book. The printing of this book is also done in a very strange way. The text is printed at the center, occupying only the center area with a lot of spaces around, so about half of the page is blank. 
I was disappointed greatly at the time I opened this book. HUGE gaps between strings, LOTS of empty space on pages - all this is for masking the simple fact: this "200 pages book" contents could be easily printed on 80 pages or even less. And, more, these pages are filled with useless "interviews" (who wants to read an interview INSTEAD of explanations?!) and other empty words. The book is supposed to teach us how to make modules for NWN 2. But it doesn't. See, the chapter about scripts consists of 4 pages - is it REALLY enough for such a great theme? (These pages, I mentioned it already, are less than 2 pages...). This book is better than nothing. A bit. Because SOME useful information it provides. And that's all good that could be said about it 
Robert Barid's exploration of history's secret connections is brilliant. By integrating hidden and not presented in any other book various facts of sciences, he clearly shows that our ancestors had much deeper understanding of the Reality than most of the modern people. I had a chance to explore many other books by this author available from his page on the World-Mysteries.com and I highly recommend all of them 
I've read most of the books written by Greg Iles. I liked them all except Dead Sleep, which by the way was much better than this one! Anyway, despite Dead Sleep, if I see a book by this author I haven't read yet I'd grab them right away without further thinking because I enjoyed the rest of his work very much. So, when I bought Sleep No More I was prepared to stay up all night because I was certain it would be thrilling. WRONG! The whole Mallory/Eve/Cole/etc thing is just not believable at all even though I set my memory and imagination open as the author suggests. I still laugh when I think of the explanation of how Mallory gets into another person (she has to have sex and have a mindblowing orgasm). I should give Greg Iles some credit for this idea, a stupid one, but creative nonetheless. As for the characters, I was so appalled by the paranormal plot that I couldn't care less about any of them. I read The Quiet Game and liked it, but the appearance of Penn Cage was just so blah because he's like a cameo in this book and didn't have a character development nor adds anything to this book. In conclusion, I would not recommend this, especially to those who liked other books by Greg Iles. Nevertheless, I'm going to continue to purchase other books by him because I enjoyed his other works very much and strongly believe he is one of the best fiction writers. 
This book explains in simple terms all the stuff that the other one's don't explain. It's one of the best books on photography hands down. It's clearly the next step in amature photography you will need.I am currently waiting for it to arrive at my door. I have read it already. I want to own it so I have it forever. I plain on absorbing every comma, period and explaination mark, and explaining it to everyone. My hat's off to the author. I LIKE IT 
I listened to this as an audiobook. This is the worst book I've ever listened to from Audible. The worst. The narration is just too, too cutesy sweet and the writing is junior high quality at best. Unfortunately, I keep hearing Emperor Franz Josef in Amadeus saying, "It has, well, too many notes." Barr describes everything (including clothes, hair, shoes, etc) with multiple metaphors, a plethora of adjectives, and, well, too many notes. I kept yelling at the author to just shut up and tell the story. I tried three times to listen to it and just wanted to scream after 10 minutes. I've heard this woman read other books and quite liked them, but her voice and this story just don't add up to anything other than ear pain and a case of diabetes. Where's Michael Connelly when you need him 
This is another collection of Barry's columns and a surefire hit for any fan. As usual, his columns pack a punch and end with a zinger or inside joke. Mr. Language Person makes an appearance or two in this collection, and Barry also takes on TV commericials, his relationship with his wife, and (always a winner) the life of his teenaged son. Recommended 
It’s been two years since the recovery of The Amulet of Samarkand, and Nathaniel (now known as John Mandrake) is a Government official in the Office of Internal Affairs, apprenticed to Jessica Whitwell. His job is to hunt down a pack of rebellious commoners known as the Resistance, who have been causing a series of disturbances in London, aiming to destabilize the rule of the magicians. He suspects the involvement of a girl named Kitty and her friends whom we met in his previous adventure, and although correct in this assumption, it soon becomes obvious that there is deeper evil afoot, as a destructive force hidden in a black cloud begins attacking the city, destroying buildings and magical artifacts as it goes. When things start spiraling out of control, he is forced to call upon Bartimaeus again for help, and the adventure spirals into a saga of grave robbery, political maneuvers, foreign travel and ancient magic. Though certainly not as good as the first, and a little too long, The Golem’s Eye makes for good reading, but is sadly lacking the sarcastic witticisms of everyone’s favorite djinn that were the high point of book one. Amanda Richards, May 20, 2006 
Cahill's writing is somewhat of an acquired taste. This is a compilation of outdoor stories which do not always seem self contained - some missing context, some missing closure. And they are not necessarily adventures in the conventional sense, as stories may focus on nature, archaeology, sociology, etc. While the book cannot be construed as an outdoor reference, there is good information (ex. wisdom of cave diving). Some stories hit the vicarious adventurer's sweet spot. The author is at his best in this book when relating his experience caving in Kentucky, engaging the reader with educational content (ex. barometric effect on air flow), spectacular descriptions(ex. lightening igniting bat guano), and hair raising suspense (ex. getting lost in a maze of passages). Not all of the stories held an equal level of interest for me, but they are short enough to peruse and ponder as time permits 
This audio-book was fantastic. It took off like a horse out of the starting gate at the Kentucky Derby and never let up. Vincente Callabrese is a part time enforcer/collector for the mob and part time movie producer student. When Vincente is asked to produce one of his classmates screen plays this is a start of a new career for Vincente. First a name change, from Vincente Callabrese to Michael Vincent. Then it's off to Hollywood where he rapidly becomes one of the hottest producers in the movie business. Unfortunately, Michael has a hard time shaking his past. When he tries to buy the movie rights to a novel and is refused, he asks his old friend Tommy Povenzano for help. Tommy assures Michael the he will help. This is the start of all of Michael's problems. In typical Woods fashion this novel is a mover. Though this novel isn't full of excitement, it will keep you on the edge of your seat wanting to see what happens next. It doesn't take long between incidents. The bottom line here is that this is a book not to be missed. Choke Dead In the Water Orchid Beach These are all other options by Mr. Stuart and I would recommend any of them. Though this book has not won any awards Mr. Woods won the Edgar Alan Poe award in 1982 and was nominated again in 1992. Once you have read or listened to this book you will understand why. 
Erin Hunter has once again created a captivating saga about the four clans of warrior cats...who could be living in your own backyard. This first installment begins where the last book left off. Firestar, the protagonist of the original series, is now the leader of his Clan, and his two daughters Leafpaw and Squirrelpaw, are now the main characters, along with a great cast of new cats and some familiar faces. Along with Brambleclaw, the son of treacherous Tigerstar, Feathertail and Stormfur, the kits of Firestar's best friend Graystripe, Brambleclaw's sister Tawnypelt, and the newbie Crowpaw, Squirrelpaw embarks on a journey to save the Clans. Meanwhile, Leafpaw is left to try to decipher mysterious messages from Starclan. This book is a great, fast-paced read for any cat lover or fan of the first series. The plot is well-developed and intriguing from the first chapter 
Line by line, this book has some of the best writing I've seen in a while. This is an amazing thing, since it's still very fast-moving and not at all overwritten. The author just has an amazing eye for detail and a very crafty sense of humor. The book surprised me constantly with its insights, and these characters were so real to me by the end that I missed them for a week. I read Craig's first book, and it doesn't stand up to this at all. It's exciting to see how much the writer has improved, and I can't wait for the next one 
Considering that this is virtually the first attempt (as far as I know) at a Dictionary of the Pentecostal/Charismatic movement, this is a good start. It is worth the price for what it does contain but it is not without glaringflaws.The title International leads one to expect much more coverage of Pentecost outside of the U.S. Canada, where Pentecostal movements thrived in parallel with those in the U.S., is given very scanty treatment.Some major early Canadian apostles, such as O.J. Lovik, are skipped entirely. There is also too much opportunity given for some controversial movements to propagandize. A balanced article would necessitate an article by an unbiased observer, rather than by the leaders of those movements.Finally, there is too much credence and space given to sociological assessments of a movement that requires, above all else, keen spiritual discernment to separate the wheat from the chaff. That said, I will consult my copy often, for the great amount of useful material it does contain 
All I can say is pass me some aspirin. This is a dozy of a bad novel. As it says on the dust jacket, a Supreme Court law clerk grabs a petition and ends up becoming deceased. Its up to the brother to uncover the truth by finding the real killer who had let a poor black man rot away for a crime he did not commit. At the same time the brother contends with mysterious bad guys out to get him and stop the unearthing of the evidence. Not only does he deal with his family, but his brothers friend, a sexy young law clerk herself and the duplicity on the bench she works for. And that's only the start of the plot. Its really pretty bad, it descends into mired pretensions and goofy resolutions. The characters are so shallow that you are left with little notion of who they are except for a faint nasty after taste over their conceded ways. Baldacci is along with James Patterson and Dean Koontz one of America's worst authors. If you want an author who writes on a similar vein to this, try one of Harlan Coben's last four or so stand alone thrillers with out the character Myron Bolitar in it. Or for a more sophisticated read, look for Denis Lehane, he wrote the amazing Mystic River, but his PI series located in Boston is pretty good as well. 
Different, refreshing, entertaining, funny, eye opening....even better than reading the book is to listen to it (buy the Audio CD!) on a loooooong drive.. 
I agree with the first reviewer: this is what art criticism, politically engaged or not, should read like. Berger was an old-time Marxist; I am an Anglosphere conservative. He is a man of the Left; I am of the Right. No matter, his essays are the most wonderful introduction to art criticism, and at times philosophy, that I have read. Incredibly perceptive, sensitive, without empty sentimentality but filled with genuine sentiment and deep empathy for the human condition, Berger can make any painting or work of art say more than even its author may have intended. He uses history but is not a historicist, for he lets the works reveal themselves openly. The essay "That which is held," a philosophic vindication of romantic love through an analysis of "time" is a near masterpiece of the essay form worthy of Montaigne. Berger will be missed in the barren landscape of contemporary Europe. Danto and the Americans are simply not in his league 
Two main comments. Firstly, the book is mistitled or I misread the meaning of the title and I would be delighted to return it. This is a book devoted primarily on how to make your dog perform "tricks" with much on showmanship. I have no interest in that but I do have an acute interest in dog obedience relative to the master's care of their puppy and mature dog. Problems handlers encounter in "greeting" of your dog with other dogs and people. Secondly, the book, as written, talks down to the reader and unless you have had some professional experience with dogs, you feel very unqualified to read on. I felt intimidated by it. 
This book was originally conceived of and designed in the manner of an illuminated manuscript. The images are combined with the text to convey meaning. In the paperback most of the images are gone and the ones remaining are converted to black and white and shoved into the middle of the book where they lose their context 
Cover Blurb: When undercover work requires working under the covers, danger is an uninvited bedfellow... Erin McKenzie, a newly promoted homicide detective, lands the assignment of her career when she is chosen to investigate Elizabeth Adams, the number one suspect in a slew of serial murders. Adams, elusive and devastatingly beautiful, is not only an accomplished seductress but also a lesbian. * * * I have just finished reading this book after struggling with it for two months and, quite frankly, it is probably the worst book I have ever taken the time to finish. The only reason I prevailed to the bitter end was I wanted to see if it truly was as bad to the last page as it was from the first--and let me tell you, it was. Not only was this slow-paced, stilted, plodding excuse for suspence peppered with paper-thin characters who all sounded vaguely familiar, but two of the three main protagonists are thinly disguised Xeroxes of two beloved TV characters, minus the breast-plate, sword and loin-cloth skirt. I leave you to work out who I'm refering too. This book desperately struggles with flat, stilted language that has neither voice nor colour, giving the descriptions of place and people about as much life as a body on the morgue slab awaiting autopsy. Add to that is the fact that at least 50-60 pages could easily have been cut from the length by a good Editor, thereby maybe adding a smidgen of tension to the over-worked plotline. However, it is the three main protagonists who irritated me the most, the Author seemingly unable to decide on personality traits and character, which vacillate in a jarring way. I was left totally unsympathetic to any of them and the situations/circumstances they found themselves in. A very unsatisfying read 
This book irritated me on many levels; not that the writing was poor or the plot weak. In fact, the plot, the premise, the writing were good--unfortunately the characters didn't pull it off or keep me interested because they were all kinda indifferent or unlikable. I read somewhere the number one reason people keep reading a work of fiction--regardless of plot--is because they care about someone in the book. In this book, I was hoping they would all drown by the end of the story... 
The book is interesting, and well written. It contains little unique or scarcely known or understood information. Novice runners might like it and get more from it than experienced runners. 
I bought this book but should have listened to my gut feeling...look at the picture of the "Forever Cool" Ms Mathieson on the cover. She keeps saying GET RID OF THE GLASSES in the "before" pictures but she should take her own advice. The before pictures of women are so bad that "duh" the after pictures do look better. However the over-all impression is that the book "teaches" you how to dress so you blend in in suberbia, not how to be individually stylish or dress to look like anything except someone with a credit card who went to the local shopping mall and bought whatever was socially acceptable. 
One of the few Roald Dahl books I read, it remains one of my favorites from childhood. I saw the movie too, and the movie is very funny, and I felt it did the book justice. Matilda is about a precocious little girl named Matilda who has a crazy family (who doesn't support her at all and certainly doesn't respect her intelligence). At a very young age, she is able to read very advanced books and she wins the admiration of her new teacher Mrs. Honey. The only problem is her dim parents and the evil Mrs. Trunchbull who rules the school with an iron fist. And then there's Matilda's new found super powers. It's very funny, the predicaments Matilda gets into and the things Mrs. Trunchbull says, even if she is cruel. It might be a little scary to very young children, but it depends on the child 
The book is brilliant, no question about it. His stories are great, his humor dry and culturally insightful. The problem is that, like all audio books, the voice of the narrator can make or break the experience. And in this case, unfortunately, the voice of the author fails the material. Sorry, Bill, but your voice is just too droning and monotonous for an audio book. It's hard to get past the first few discs as his voice tends to lull you to sleep. I wouldn't recommend this audio book for listening while driving or in traffic (as I did, and almost got into an accident). If you want this book, get the paperback 
Although I have been writing code for a few years, this was my first foray into AI programming. I find the examples easy to understand. Everything is very well written and the example code is well documented. I could not have asked for a better book. 
I read 1776 shortly sfter having read McCullough's John Adams so some of the same ground was covered but from a different perspective, I found 1776 to be an interesting and smoothly flowing read. Anyone who has enjoyed and appreciated David McCullough's other works will enjoy 1776 
Why is S Douglas "Scotty" slamming every car sales book on Amazon but Zig Zigler's? Do you work for Ziggy or maybe a friend and pushing this book for him. Take a look at all of S. Douglas "Scotty" reviews concerning car sales. He puts almost everyone of them down but praises Zigler's book. What's up with that? And then if you look at reviews from HARDLUCK It makes one wonder if he is selling a competitor's book on here because he is attacking books written by Douglas Hensley who is a really good writer. It makes me wonder if (S. Douglas Scotty and Hardluck) are the same person or are possibly in cohoots together pushing people away from pretty good books. Something stinks here. I wish I had time to play on the web all day and put bogus reviews on people. Something stinks in Denmark!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Having read (and thoroughly enjoyed) Levitt's Freakonomics, I picked up "Hidden Order: The Economics of Everyday Life" looking for more of the same. Unfortunately, I was sadly disappointed. I get the impression the author intended to write a Freakonomics-type book, but was only able to come up with 40 pages of material (located at the end of the book). Facing an irate publisher, he then filled in the initial 290 pages with his old Economics lecture notes. As a result, readers who have taken an elementary economics course will find much of the material repetitive, while those who have not will most likely find the material too confusing to be of any real use. (Despite the glowing accolades on the cover, the author's explanations are no better than those available in a standard textbook.) The author also posits end-of-chapter questions for the reader to ruminate upon, but does not provide any answers. Aside from formal textbooks where such questions are intended to be assigned to students, such tactics are unconscionable. Of course, the author may be priming the pump for sales of a "Hidden Order Supplement". A final negative point is the author's tone, which is frequently condescending towards the reader (e.g. telling the reader they would not understand the math behind a given theory, so it will not even be presented). While this may be true for a layperson reading the book, being talked down to certainly does nothing to build their confidence or cultivate their interest in the subject matter. Overall, if you can borrow a copy from a friend or a library, the last 40 pages are worth reading. Otherwise, save your time and money. Reviewer's background: B.Sc. (Computing Science Mathematics) M.B.A. (Finance Marketing) Ph.D. (Finance) 
Horowitz with the help of researchers provides glimpses of the "101 most dangerous academics in America." Your own political outlook will determine whether you think Horowitz is an American hero or a buffoon. I'll vote for American hero as Horowitz provides details on professors whose very existence on a campus should motivate people concerned for their children and the destiny of the United States to march on the legislatures that use taxpayer funds to pay most of these "academics" demanding their immediate termination. College has changed. Where the goal was once to teach young minds to think independently, it is now a place for intdoctrination, with punishment meted out for non-conformance to the various left-wing doctrines being rammed down the throats of young adults. The book is so densely packed that choosing representative excerpts could easily create a shorter bookof its own. For example, Professor Jose Angel Gutierrez opines "[w]e have got to eliminate the gringo, and what I mean by that is if the worst comes to the worst, we have got to kill him." This from a licensed attorney, now a professor paid from the public purse - taxpayer dollars. Prof. Alison Jaggar, another beneficiary of taxpayer money, seeks to combat the "male-dominant structure of everyday life." She seeks, essentially, a world without men. Not exactly an inclusive outlook. The examples cited above are mild. Most are far worse - and these are the people, often supported by taxpayers in public colleges, who are forcing their views into the minds of young people. With tenure and increasing control of the hiring process, other views are shut out of the academy. The academy itself is being converted into a political training ground. Many of these left-wing radicals are tenured and can not be fired, not even the likes of Prof. Haunani-Kay Trask who says "[t]he enemy is the United States of America and everyone who supports it." She also advocates the deportation of all non-ethnic Hawaiians from the islands. And the taxpayers foot the bill for her to "teach". Some of the names are familiar to many as talking heads, such as Prof. Joseph Massad who demands the destruction of Israel and denies that the Jews are a nation. Imagine what happens to a student, a Jewish student in particular, who disputes Massad's views. This happened and Massad screamed at the students. When the matter was investigated - a rarity - Massad conveniently couldn't remember the incidents. Other of these professors make equally outlandish claims, many of them based on race, gender or sexual preference. Reading this book is a sure invitation to outrage - and then depression as you realize that there is little the average citizen can do to stop what is happening, unless citizens band together to create enough of an uproar as does happen on all too rare occasion. A must-read for anyone concerned with the fate of America's young minds and the nation itself. Jerr 
Liz Perle does a really nice job in "Money, A Memoir" of weaving statistics, professional studies, and other people's experiences with her own personal experience and insight. While many parts of her book sound familiar (e.g., women shopping when they're in a slump) it does look below the surface at some of the root causes of our unhealthy relationship with money and why we differ vastly from men in that regard. The other thing I appreciated about the book was that Perle doesn't claim to have all the answers, and explains how she was able to find a happy medium in her relationship with money, which to me sounded like something I could attempt and achieve. Thanks, Liz for a very important memoir that women of all ages should read 
I am having a hard time understanding why people have raved about this book. I guess everyone is entitled to have loyal fans, but I just don't see what was great, or even good, about this story. Two teenagers enter a school and end up killing seven people. They are caught, they confess, and the Grandmother of one of the killers hires Spenser to prove the boy's innocense. We are given the impression a great mystery, with possible red herrings, is about to entertain us. Alas, it is not to be. The kids did it, plain and simple. Why they did it is so stupid. The story reads as though a sixth grader has written it. The plot is lame, and even as lame as it is, it isn't executed well at all. The characters are boring and 2 dimensional. The banter which takes place between the main character and others, while it seems to be trying to be witty, is just dumb and unbelievable. I just can't say enough about how stupid this story is. There are too many wonderful mystery authors out there writing gripping, intense works of fiction to waste your time on this one. This is the first novel I have read by this author and will most definitely be my last 
There is a Tarot correlation, but the deck also has a strong shapshifter orientation as well. The cards are a piece of art in themselves. The cards encourage a strong connection with nature. The spreads give good results to those of an inquiring mind. With a minimum of reading, you are off and running getting insights to the past, present, and future. There is a wide variety of uses for the cards for self or with others 
The nature of a people is seldom easy to describe because the attempt is often sabotaged by either the Outsider's incorrect perceptions or the Insider's preconceptions, depending on which is constructing the definition. What we find with W.J. Cash's The Mind of the South is no different, although it is a pleasant journey. Sparkling with some of the most fluid prose ever found in historical writing, Cash's work deserves recognition for this reason alone; yet there is value in the exposition itself, even if it forgets a full two-thirds of the South's population in its description (blacks and women). What the modern reader is left with, then, is not so much a description of the "the southern mind" as it is "the white southern male mind." And while Cash's work does not quite apologize for the many neuroses of that mind, it does attempt to explain the effects it has had on our perception of the American South, with a small dash of glory added for good measure. First, it is important for us to take into account the wonderful introduction to the work by Bertram Wyatt-Brown. Wyatt-Brown shows that Cash's battle with depression was a salient part in understanding his interpretation of the South, as was his upbringing. Wyatt-Brown seems to agree with my assessment on the Insider/Outsider effect: "The origins of Cash's interpretation of his culture and region lay not only in the objective fact of Southern intransigence about issues of race and change, but in the very makeup of his mind. Like so many creative depressives, he stood apart from the society around him. Such a position of detachment can provide a special angle of vision that those immersed in society cannot obtain (Cash xxvii)." Wyatt-Brown, with this statement, makes Cash an outside-Insider, by virtue of his being a manic depressive. He is a southerner, and therefore capable of the same preconceptions of his own people as any southerner; however, according to Wyatt-Brown, by reason of his mental condition, he is elevated away from this status and into a new status altogether, a presumably better one. I would agree with this, if the work itself is to be taken as proof. Cash is capable of wonderful insights into his own culture and society. However - and this is crucial! - we must not gloss over the fact that by omitting women and blacks from his work, Cash loses some credibility. It is here, it seems, that Cash could not escape the Insider mentality. This work is characterized by one over-arching theme: southern culture, though as elusive in most respects as any other, is penetrated throughout with one defining and collective temperament. In essence, this work is interpretative rather than linear, as it attempts to analyze rather than delineate. This elevates Cash from the traditional historian (in the mold of Clement Eaton) to sociologist or social commentator (in the mold of David Halberstam). That is not to say that Cash does not know his history or pilfers it from others; it seems impossible after reading The Mind of the South for one to imagine Cash using such smooth language while pulling facts from anywhere outside his own mind. The disjointed quality usually apparent in any attempt to fuse sources without an overall voice is thankfully absent. Cash is who we hear while we read, and it is his elucidative brush-strokes that paint the image of the Southerner. Much is left out of this short review of Cash's work, as brevity is a consideration. A more complex examination of the work would require many more words than I have time for at the moment. But I do feel obligated to at least sum up the trajectory of Cash's masterpiece. The first few chapters lay the groundwork for Cash's southern temperament - individualistic, violent, quasi-aristocratic, provincial, just to name a few - while the remainder of the work displays the evolution of that temperament while it is worked upon by forces both outside it and from within, and its own natural need to adapt. The Yankee plays his part, as does Uncle Tom and the fugitive slave, the southern belle and the Garrison abolitionist, the carpet-bagger and the scalawag, the confederate soldier and the lynch mob, the fire-eater and the bible-thumping revivalist. It is impossible for any society to exist in a vacuum, or as a prehistoric insect preserved in amber. That being said, it is still remarkable that the American south came as close as it did 
I have a pile of thes books at home this is the first one that ever gave me any useful information. I am physically challenged and I have a hard time getting around. This is the only book I ever read that features information for people like me 
This book states that it's better to die than survive a rape: "Also far-reaching is the effect of the loss of chastity. Once given or taken or stolen it can never be regained. Even in a forced contact such as rape or incest, the injured one is greatly outraged. If she has not cooperated and contributed to the foul deed, she is of course in a more favorable position. There is no condemnation where there is no voluntary participation. It is better to die in defending one's virtue than to live having lost it without a struggle." (p.196) How much more twisted can it get? 
This book was like Madonna's famous photographic book of 1992 when it hit the shelves in the 1960's. This is Brown's manifesto on the liberal lifestyle which was spawned in that era. Reader beware ... choices and actions have consequence ... and ponder very carefully before being Cosmopolitan long after the expiration date. Living it up does NOT mean reckless behavior. Values are personal but when one woman's values cause her to act in ways that impose the boundaries onto another (ie - affairs with married men) it is as much an imposition as bible thumping over others' heads. People are free to do what they want but if they go down a certain road they have no right to take unwilling others down the path with them. Although now dated and updated with Sex and the City - ask yourself if you really want to be wild your whole life. Retiring one lifestyle for something stable is a rather good thing when the time is right. Helen Gurley Brown has done alot of good for women pursuing careers, enjouing the single life, and having an identity ... but too much too long has a cost. Do you really want to be like Brown and her counterpart Hefner ... 80 years old and taking hormones in some attempt at youth? 
This is a revolutionary book. It introduces the stage metaphor into sociology; all of social interaction is a performance on a stage. It's questionable how novel this metaphor is, but this is certianly its first explicit statement. The language used to present the ideas of the author is, like most sociological writing, unecessarily complicated. There are some problems with clarity and structure; the book just doesnt have a holistic feel for me. No sociological background is presupposed, there is extensive quoting from other sociological sources, many footnotes, and various other ways to enter sociological literature throught the book. So if you are interested in reading sociology, this is probably a good place to start (again, the language is unecessicarily thick and this may be it's bane as an introduction). However, the book is misguided. The idea of viewing social interaction as a performance on a stage is unecessary. The authors motives for saying this will make my position clearer. (The following is a charicature of the author's argument). There is certianly a large amount of social behavior which is directed towards other people (the audience) in order for the audience to build an impression of the actor. Well, if it can happen here we can draw a parallel with other situations, infact all situations and therfore all of social interaction is like a performance on a stage, "All the world is not, of course, a stage, but the crucial ways in which it isnt are hard to specify" (p 72). The performances can either be with individuals, or groups of people, and they can be performing conciously or unconciously. (end of charicature) There are other arguments, obviously, and the statement "we can draw a parallel with other situations" is most of the content of the book, which i dont like to gloss over with a sentence. But the real question here is, is the view worthwhile? My answer: No. Social interaction is a complex phenomena that cant possibly be summed up with a signle metaphor. Yes, some social interaction is like a performance, where indivudals are intentionally making impressions on one another. Yes, some social behavior can arise from unconcious beliefs. However, most social interaction is exactly the way we see it, conciously controlled, meaningful, purposeful interaction with individuals; it is not some kind of performance with the purpose of creating a "reality". I hope my view of the book is clear so that the biases on the final part of my review can be sorted out: the book is a waste of time. Where the author is right, the statement is little more than common sense. Where the author goes outside of common sense, he's wrong, sometimes plainly so. This book is part of the tradition in sociology of thinking that society pulls the wool over each individuals eyes, that reality is a social construct with no purpose other than social control (here the wool is the performance, and the control has to do with impressions ... but this quickly degenerates into an obscure mess of assertions). There is no real empirical support given for most of the claims. Where "evidence" is given, the evididence is so heavily intepreted that it fails to correspond to facts in the world but rather to facts about the views of the reporter. Where there is no correspondence to the world there is no truth. Various sources of sociology are cited, but this is more like intellectual bullying. Saying that some author, which also didnt have any empirical support for his claims, agrees with you is just to bully your reader into acepting your claims. The claims in the book have no practical application in the world, but only serve to intepret situations differently, and in personal opinion, less correctly. Nothing said here will lead to better predictions about social behavior or a better understanding of psychology. In short, this isnt a scientific study at all. My final qualm with the book deserves its own paragraph, the use of language. The best example is the definitions given at the end of the introduction "A performance may be defined as all of the activity of a given participant on a given occasion which serves to influence in any way any of the other participants" (15). This is a curios definition. Me breathing while i work is a performance, it changes the percentages of O2 and CO2 in the atmosphere near my co-workers. Me staring into space is a performance, other people see me stare into space and are therefore influenced. Infact, me simply existing is a performance, since my existance causes a gravitational effect on the other participants, as well as influencing them to create beliefs about me existing. Its as if Goffman created a definition for performance which included all possible actions taken by any person, and then wrote a book about how all possible actions taken by any person fall under the category of performance. He didnt. He used a word that we associate with controlled behavior (performance) and defined it in a way no one is used to. Then he used alot of word play to show that behavior has no substance, its all for the purpose of maintaining social reality. I hope this very limited example shows the terrible use of language that is endemic to Goffman and sociology more generally. So an ode to sociology is in order ... actually no it isnt. Why wont this subject go away? This book is an integral part of sociology, and it espouses the methods and style of sociological researchers and writers by being an archetypical work within the tradition. The methods are questionable; the style is obscure. Like it or hate it, sociology is a part of modern thought. Read the book to be an educated person and keep in mind its intellectual failings 
Both of my boys love this book and request it over and over again. It is such a fun book to read because the children interact with the reader by answering the questions. Love it! 
I had to read Jared Diamond's Pulitzer prize winning book because of the rave reviews and acclaim. The thoughts that he introduces in the book are certainly interesting and he presents us with a new way to interpret history which is certainly important. However, there is much overkill in making points about the development of each civilization - crops are the major topic with little discussion on guns, germs (more than the other 2), and steel. Of course the arguement for this focus is that the domestication of crops is how civilizations develop guns, germs and steel. I enjoyed parts of the book considerably, but you would have to have a strong interest in horticulture and botany to truely appreciate the book. I guess I was spoiled by first reading his sequel to GGS, "Collapse" - a terrific read that should be of interest to everyone -it relates our industrialization to every aspect of the environment and show historically how this has shaped history. It has major rammifications for our situation on this earth right now. -RK 
John Gunther's INSIDE U.S.A. comes as close to time travel as we are likely to get, hurling us back to the America of 1947, as he explores, state by state, the people, politics, issues, passions and fads that make up our country. Written with great energy and insight, Gunther captures an America justly proud of its WWII success, still unsure of its role in the world, and populated by fascinating characters like Mayor LaGuardia of New York, Governor Saltonstall of Massachusetts and Boss Hague of Jersey City. Gunther describes regional characteristics that persist today. He captures aspects of America that are gone,l never to return (an industrial nation based on coal, iron ore and steel.) And he foresees issues that dog America to this day -- the Negro problem (actually, the White problem.) He condemns the segregationist society he finds in America, so inconsistent with its lofty ideals. As you can tell, I loved this book. It's very hefty -- but every time you are about to put it down, Gunther comes up with another amazing fact or interesting sidelight that keeps you reading. All this said, Gunther does concentrate on the (a) historical, (b) political and (c) economic side of things. You won't find much here about the arts or science. But it is amazing a single individual could have compiled this much data and presented it so interestingly 
As I've said before NATIONAL HYPNOSIS!!! Liberals want to dupe the masses into believing that modern Conservatism and Lberalism are different ideologies (they both come from Hegel and Machiavelli the philosophies that gave birth to Communism and Facism). 
Petra of all places. Supernatural protection, persecution, on ad naseum. The one drug on, and on, and on, and on ...... Same tired story, persecution by Carpathia a lame attempt at evil incarnate and his lackies. Sorry.. I think the series denegrates Christianity rather then exalting it. I've read all 12 and found it morose and condemning. The opposite of how I view Christianity is. 
J.K. Rowling successfully put me off this book series within the first two chapters of this book. The characters personalities were wavering in book 5, in this they completely vanished or mutated. I'll only be getting the 7th one because it's the last one and I've read this far so I might as well go the whole way. In books one through four the trio of Harry, Ron, and Hermione were loveable characters tenaciously and cleverly seeking out the answers to the mysteries that came up each year and saving the day. Book 5 had them doing more angsting and screaming than mystery solving, and more whining than day saving. Book 6 made them stand in paper doll doing a bad job miming the motions the real characters would have done. This book Harry seemed to care more about romance. A very poorly done romance littered with cheezy phrases and romantic moments on par with the worst of bad fanfiction; which had no background or build up from previous books. A female character from the background, whom Harry barely even notices all through the past five books, is suddenly the most perfect and beautiful girl in the school in mary-sue fashion. Several other characters in both the foreground and background were also unfortunately treated to Rowlings amature attempts at romance, none of which bore any revelance to plot or story. Harry also had a significant decline in morality and intelligence. The clever boy who put clues together with his friends now cheats in one of his classes and makes one stupid mistake after another. The image of Harry that stuck with me and seemed to glare off the pages every time he spoke or did anything was of him lying, frozen in a curled position on the floor of the train with blood coming out of his broken nose, under his invisibility cloak and rolling around with the trains motion after a particularly stupid episode with Malfoy. As to the general plot of the book. Poorly done. Continually backstaged by sickeningly done romance and angst it barely made an impression on me. Most of the 'revealations' in the book revealed nothing not already known or obvious from old information, and the culmination of what Harry was not-quite-solving didn't amount to anything. My final opinion: Don't bother to read past book 4 if you're just starting the series and care anything at all about characterization. A very disappointing book 
This book contains some useful historical information and some insights into the mass psychology of booms, bubbles, and busts. Prechter should have left it at that. Instead, he offers up predictions. Big mistake. This guy bases his forecasts on Fibonacci numbers and so-called Elliott "wave counts." He labels all market patterns so that they fit the preordained Elliott Wave 5-up, 3-down pattern. If you see more or fewer waves than he does in any given market move, you just don't understand that there can only be 5 waves to the top of a bull market. He's imposing his theory on the market, but surprisingly enough, the market doesn't care. It does whatever it wants, in however many waves it wants, and Bob has been very frustrated at the market's aberrant behavior lately. He got lucky early in his career, but it seems he's been fairly consistently getting the market wrong since missing the '87 crash. Any superstitution can "seem" to work if you only look at its happenstance apparent accuracies and disregard its abundant failures. Keep looking for certain numbers of waves and Fibonacci ratios and you'll find what you're looking for. Pick any set of numbers or patterns or wave counts, and you'll find those too. The market doesn't care about any of those things, though. It's nothing more than an aggregation of billlions of individual choices, which are influenced by an infinite number of factors none of us can ever understand fully. University studies of various investing methods have found that Elliott Wave, like most, is no better than random stock selection. If Prechter had chosen the random method, he and his followers would at least have a good chance of keeping pace with the market. Unfortunately, he has been getting everything from the Dow, to oil (he thought it was going to $10), to gold (he didn't think it could break $400), to deflation (the "deflation" scare ended shortly after this book came out) WRONG in the past couple of years. He apparently STILL believes that the Dow will go to 400 (not 4,000 but FOUR HUNDRED) because his charts tell him it should (they've been telling him that since about 1990, actually). Prechter doesn't understand demographics or economics or markets or the monetary system, all of which render "Dow 400" among the goofiest of forecasting absurdities -- unless you believe a giant asteroid will hit and wipe out two thirds of the population (I don't think Prechter is counting on that). Our debt-heavy economy may have a significant crisis soon, perhaps by the end of the decade. It will most likely be spurred on by inflation and rising interest rates. But it's not happening now and it's not happening in the way this author has been prematurely forecasting for over a decade. This book came out near the bottom of the 2000-2002 stock bear market, just in time for a reader to short stocks as they began a new bull market. How typical. While promoting the book, Prechter said it was "definite" that stocks would "crash" in 2003. He said that 2003 would be "the best year yet" for bears (short sellers). Late into 2003, when it was clear that the market had proven him wrong, Prechter declared on a radio show that by the end of 2004, the Dow would "certainly" fall below 5,000. Wrong again! Since his Fibonacci turn dates and Elliott wave counts fail to portend the future, maybe next he'll tell us he's found the secret code to the stock market from the text count of Nostradamus' writings. Bob Prechter couldn't call the market if it was listed in the Yellow Pages. This guy couldn't time the market if you gave him a stopwatch. He's throwing out guesses and misleading people by describing them as "definite" and "certain." He's either a liar or a true believer in his own irrational superstitions. In either case, he's not credible. Here's all you really need to know: Buy dividend stocks. Buy short-term bonds. Buy gold. Hang on to them. Do that and you'll do better than you will trying to follow the prognostications of market gurus. Plus, you'll have a lot more time to devote to family, fun, and productive activities 
Replicant Alert! Avoid this book if you have any affection for the movie. Except for the last couple of pages, the author has little to offer other than the usual drivel about Post-Modernism. You will be much better off buying the Director's Cut on DVD, and watching it several times! This series of books has its exceptions, this is not one of them. Unintentionally hilarious in parts, as only the academician can be. Pretentious, ponderous cinema-scholar jargon that offers little of value or insight. Read Sammon's The Making of Blade Runner instead! (Nice cover, though... 
You know the author is good when he can make you tear up for a former KKK member on Death Row. While the book was a little slow at times, I couldn't wait to turn the page and find out what happens next. If you like John Grisham, you'll like this book. 
Chromosome 6 has a great premise: what happens if medical technology accelerates to the point that scientists can create genetic doubles for people; doubles who serve as living organ reservoirs for possible future organ transplant needs-a sort of biological insurance policy? How much would people pay for this service? How far would they go to protect it? What are the moral implications? Robin Cook comes full circle, returning to the themes of his 1970s novel, Coma. Coma is the novel that first made us aware of the dangers of corporate medicine and greed; of the subtle but relentless destruction of the long-standing relationships patients had with doctors, and the dignity those relationship once preserved. Now, a quarter century later, Robin Cook is shown to have been eerily prescient as technology has caught up to his nightmare. Chromosome 6 is a very believable scenario of a technology designed with the best of intentions being corrupted for the sake of profit. In this novel, there is mystery and murder; medical sleuthing and exotic, international sets. There are a host of characters whose paths will intersect at some point-the set up is brilliant and we read with eager anticipation-but...this novel is so poorly written that I cannot believe it has Robin Cook's name on it. Though not high literature, Robin Cook's novels have always been tight and suspenseful, with believable characters and settings that seemed real. The characters in Chromosome 6 are as flat as road kill, the action as watered down as a glass of coke left in the sun until all of the ice has melted. Turn a page and the story just ends...what? That's it? Are you kidding? Did Robin Cook really write this? I don't think so. 
The Pelican Brief is one of John Grisham's more fast paced and exciting book. Two supreme court justices are murdered by someone who does such a good job that there are few if any clues to go on. Darby Shaw and her lover/professor are intrigued by who could have done this so Darby does a ton of research and writes the "Pelican Brief". Her boyfriend/professor is a good friend of someone in the FBI and the file gets distributed. The bad guys find out about Darby, who apparently has hit the suspects right on and the chase begins. This book is very entertaining with nonstop action. You'll be constantly turning the page to see how Darby and friends etc keep escaping and how the plot will unfold. The only problems with the book are as follows: 1 - The book has so many characters that it gets confusing at times 2 - The book is all action and adventure and little else. Once it's done you'll never go back and read it again. This would make a very poor book club book. 3 - A little over the top on the implied sex etc between Darby and her professor etc... (but nothing compared to what you'll get in other books) Overall a very entertaing and exciting book but not a lot of "soul". I would definitely recomend it to anyone who likes action books. 
I have spent a lot of time and money researching into Mormon history. The big problem is that, as Henry Ford once said "History is bunk". With Joseph Smith and the history of the Mormon church, there are hundreds of accounts that argue that he was an inspired prophet and just as many, an ingenious charlatan. There are even accounts that avoid making a judgement either way and leave it up to the reader to decide. Hence, using history as a basis for discovering the truth about the history of Joseph Smith can be a very frustrating (and sometimes expensive) exercise. The Church itself avoids encouraging the study of historical events to gain testimony, but instead promotes the individual member to gain a spiritual testimony. It is easy to see from my statement above, why. This book takes a completely different approach in investigating the truthfulness of what Joseph Smith produced. Forget about what might have happened in the early 1800's and instead, focus on the actual record contained in the Book of Mormon itself. Let current day investigation be the basis for the search of truth instead of historical personal accounts. This removes any bias of the source material and hence allows for an objective study. Thomas Stuart Ferguson starts out as the Book of Mormon's most enthusiastic proponent. He sacrifices a large portion of his life both petitioning the First Presidency for financial support, and performing extensive archaeological expeditions to find evidence of the civilisations documented in the Book of Mormon (BofM). While he expects an abundance of material to be discovered, he finds none. Nothing. No evidence of the language or writings contained within the BofM, the animals and crops mentioned, artefacts, city names, weapons, metals, glass etc. Nothing for the period documented within the BofM (2500 BC - 400 AD). There are few discoveries outside this timeline, but none within. All he wanted (and expected) to find were actual artefacts or at least murals/pictorials showing the above documented items. The turning point came when fragments of the Joseph Smith papyri were rediscovered in the late 1960's and found to contain nothing in common with The Book of Abraham. This is a completely separate quest in itself (see "By His Own Hand Upon Papyrus"). While Ferguson may have lost his faith, he never left the LDS church and continued to attend and support it - he even sent a son on a mission. He believed the Mormon church was "the best fraternity on earth". In public, he was a "normal" member, in private circles he believed Joseph Smith was a fraud and as a result, spent the remainder of his life researching why. This book is both a document detailing Ferguson's quest for the truth, and his way of dealing with it from the result. 
I was not expecting this book to be a Sunday afternoon photo shoot for reanactors. It lacks reality and substance.I returned this book out of disapointment.Seeing the same faces in every picture but in diffrent uniforms takes a lot away from this book. However, the color photos were nice. Better luck next time but a A for effort 
The only thing this book is good for is getting high with your friends then reading the dialogue aloud. The thought that anyone actually believes or takes the "situations" in this crap serious is so befuddling it's scary. This is nothing more than propaganda for some strange religious cult. I don't know about you but if I'm going to buy a book to help me with my kids it's going to be by an expert, not some failed fiction writer 
Just not my cup of tea. Well written but as I said not my cup of tea..I will not purchase the others in the series 
Bill is very boring typically talks about business tips you already know. The show was much better, you should buy that. Kwame is much smater and deserved the job. I can tell that this book is another promotional tool. Don't waste even a cent on this book 
I bought this book with big aspirations of another "Joy of Cooking" with a little upscale to it. While I must say the design of the book is fabulous (I am a graphic designer and truly love the cookbook's design), the recipes leave much to pine for. I don't like that most of the ingredients are nothing I normally keep in the house and I am not likely to use often enough to warrant purchasing them. I have yet to actually cook a meal from it for this reason and I have owned the book for over a year. I will stick to "Joy of Cooking" for it is much more of a tool in the kitchen. 
This is the sort of book you get when an author writes on a subject with which he has only a passing familiarity, and lacks the confidence that the subject matter is inherently interesting enough to hold the reader's attention. The result is a book that is ultimately unsatisfying. One symptom of the problems described above is that large portions are devoted to subjects other than money. For example, the author uses the first three pages after the introduction to describe Aztec ritual sacrifice in literally gory detail before proceeding on to the use of cocao beans as commodity money. I think that's meant to be what they used to call in show business a "grabber," but for the reader expecting to learn about money, it's a distraction. Another problem is that the author's grasp of modern economics is shaky at best, and especially in the latter part of the book, he'll make a point and then repeat himself, much as an undergraduate trying to extend the length of a term paper that's run a few pages short. And yet, there's also some interesting and oddly convincing tidbits of information here. The author states that L. Frank Baum's 1900 book "The Wizard of Oz" is really a parable about the need for a bimetallic dollar based on both gold and silver. But even as it strikes you that this is an interesting bit of trivia, you realize that it's only a bit of trivia and has little larger significance. If you're looking for a economic history of money, you should look elsewhere. If you're interested in the cultural and sociological impact of money, this may be more to your liking, though I think it still falls short. 
This volume contains entries that deal with concepts, events, persons, and movements in u.s. history. The length of the entries is appropriate to the topic considered. In addition, the entires both inform the reader with up-to-date information and indicate how revisionist historians have resahped opionions or refocused the discipline. The entries are clearly written and eminently readable. They are persuasive in thier opionions, yet respectful of other stances. The cross references are helpful and ample. The same obtains for the bibliographies. The Oxford Companion to U.S. History far surpasses some other contemporary dictionaries in U.S. history. Its articles are treated in more depth and greater nuances. The entries in the other dictionaries are too short and far too superficial. I would highly recommend this for people involved in serious historical study and research 
I enjoy reading books of trivia and fun facts, but I didn't even make it through the first chapter before I put this book down in disgust. Almost every entry had to do with sex or male endowments. As I was flipping through the book, I found x-rated pictures and drawings that I would hate to have to explain to my children if they were to pick up this book. I never would have bought this book if I had seen it in a bookstore, and I regret throwing it in the trash before I could see if I could get my money back 
The patterns in this book are really interesting. They range from everything to cabled belts to baby booties to light sweaters. This isn't as informative as the original "Stitch 'n Bitch" book, but if you have mastered the basics, it is a good starting point for ideas. Plus, it has tried and true tips and tricks from knitters accross the nation. 
I have long had the desire to read a Grisham book, because I have heard good things. Well, my chance came and I was sorely disappointed. The audio cd's were on sale at a truck stop and I decided to get them for The Chamber. The opening to the book kept me going, but by chapter three, I had already decided this, "If Sam Cayhall lives I'm going to be mad because I get furious about hate crimes, and if he dies, he had better not die a martyr or worse yet the "hero" to the story." Sadly, I pursued curious about the ending. I'm very glad I got the cds instead of the book, because it only took six hours to get through it. Sure wish I had those six hours back and the money invested so I could try a diferent author. Mayber Grisham's other books are better, but I won't be reading them 
I was very disappointed in this book even though it was a miniature. Some of the pages were blank, having not even been printed. I figure the book was a total loss of money spent 
It may sound as though I am damning this book with faint praise, but I believe that with a subject as complicated as anti-western feeling there are few better places to begin than with a good conversation opener. Written in clear non-academic language, Buruma and Margalit have written a book-length essay which further elaborates on the article which they published several years ago in the New York Review of Books. The point of the project is to posit a hypothesis on the roots of anti-western feeling and use that to draw open the discussion as to how the gap can be repaired. I notice that the original article sparked much less disappointment than the book. There is something about the translation to book form which implies a level of completion or comprehensiveness that an essay by itself cannot achieve. You will find that most reviewers (myself included) had a list of things that we missed in their overview. These omissions felt serious to me, but I notice that the lists have very little in common. It is truly not possible to please everyone or include everything, so perhaps it is just as well that they did not try. If you already have an adament point of view in this discussion, then this book may well irritate you. Buruma and Margalit clearly do their best to be as objective as possible, given their own cultural bias. If, however, you are like me and mostly have a clear view about your own lack of answers then you will probably find this a valuable reading experience. Since reading it, I lent the book to a good friend (sorry, publishers!) and we have not been able to stop discussing the points that it raised. Quite an accomplishment, in my opinion, for a self-described short history. 
Sue Grafton has written many good books but this one is weak, weak, weak. Try 'A is for Alibi' or 'J is for Judgement'. They show off Grafton's writing talents much better 
Peter Mayle's breakthrough book remains the classic Mediterranean travel narrative. An elegant and witty writer, Mayle set the standard for travel writers of the 1990s, and he's difficult to equal to the present day. Reading and re-reading "A Year in Provence" is like coming home again and again to a faithful friend. Mayle is absolutely superb! The next best thing to actual travel. 
I usually enjoy Ms. Maron's Deborah Knott books very much. The characters are well drawn and give deep insight into Southern life. This one, however, is very flat and the characters are poorly drawn and one dimensional. The first murder doesn't seem to contribut anything to the storyline and is just "there". The second one involving Dwight's son (who is a very poorly developed child character) and his ex wife is not very interesting. I devoutly hope this was the nadir of the series and it will improve after this. Probably not, though-I foresee several storylines involving husband/stepmother/stepchild conflicts. Glad I checked it out from the library and didn't purchase it outright..do the same and don't waste your money 
HACCP is the acronym for Hazard Analysis of Critical Control Points. This text, by Arduser and Brown is the be all and end all on the topic - in my view. It even comes with a companion CD-ROM that contains all forms from the book in Adobe Acrobat (PDF) and MS Word format. This is a major time saver when it comes to preparing and administering the required tests to staff members and the newly hired. The comprehensive 530+ page text covers everything I can think of that relates to food safety in restaurants and other eateries. It is designed to teach food service managers and their employees the specifics of food safety in accordance with the FDA Food Code. This excellent training manual is in large print format that makes it easy to read. The writing is easy to understand and the authors were careful to explain key concepts and terms so that even a novice can study it alone. The seven comprehensive chapters in the manual cover the following topics: Hazards to Food Safety; Factors Affecting Food-Born Illness; Food Safety Regulations; Following The Flow of Food; HACCP; and the Facility Plan. These are followed by an extremely helpful Glossary of terms. The Appendix includes all forms needed to meet the FDA requirements and to run an efficient and safe establishment. Included are checklists, signage, compliance checklists, and equipment cleaning charts, allergen-control program worksheet along with job descriptions for personnel. There is even a Certificate of Completion to certify that staff members have taken and passed the required tests (included). With the rise in reports of food-borne illnesses and deaths it is essential that every food service operation adhere to the regulations and safety procedures at all times. In my view, this book is essential to ensure you are in total compliance. As one who has conducted training I find this book deserves 5 stars for its complete coverage of the subject matter in an easy to digest all-in-one format. I highly recommend this book 
The book is entertaining, however if you wish to read this from a scholarly point of view and you have spent ANY time studying the ancient world to any degree...you will be appauled to find that the author of this book simply added his own interpretations to events, biblical texts, and blatantly stretched (pun so intended) the truth on so much. I'd had enough from a research point of view when this guy not onlt spelt the names of gods wrong, but hyped only childish popular perspectives that no closer resemble ancient Sumerian belief than does the golden arches as a phallic symbol. If you take away any claim of being a historical reference, this book is good. It's a tongue and cheek look on the penis and that is about all it does. Totally not serious, but a giggle to be had here and there. Some of which is at the author's expense 
The Kite Runner gets off to such a good start, with its blend of history, observations about daily life in Kaboul, and a compelling story of two boys growing up together. The second half goes badly astray, as the novel becomes more and more manipulative and sentimental. By the end of the book, the author is willing to put his characters through all sorts of hell just so he can follow up with a teary reconciliation. I wish an editor had convinced him to tighten it up, stay focused, and resist the urge to tug at the heartstrings with such a heavy hand 
The book isn't good at all. I'm sorry. I loved I am Legend and seeing the list of books this guy has written which had been developed into classic horror movies (Hell House included) I was really excited to read this. I have heard many complaints about the book from calling it "soft porn" to "sick soft porn" and then even being offended by the sacrilege present in the tale. Sacrilege in a book called...Hell House is probably something you need to come to terms with before picking it up. Attacking the author because of the content is really something that is not necessary. I doubt these were Mathis' "sexual fantasies" in the book but more likely his idea of melding something pleasurable together with something terrifying. It is an effective way to convey horror to a reader. Similar to enacting horrible violence on children, or worse, babies in cinema (try watching the Hills Have Eyes without being on the edge of your seat while the villains in the movie dangle the fate of an infant in your face). Mathis should not be condemned for content. Here is what he did right. He took the idea of a haunted house and brought it into the world of science. Much like I am Legend used science to define its vampires, Hell House uses science to define hauntings and it is very well researched and believable within the framework of the story. The bad parts may be more numerous. His characterization is horrid. There are four characters really and their personalities do not define them. You will remember Barrett by his limp, Fishcer by his fear, Florence by her religious beliefs, and Edith...well because there is no one else. They are paper thin and have no real motivations. The pacing seems poor too. A lot of moments are left on revelations in the point of view characters mind which that character has not fully processed because the chapter ends before they can relay it and all of its profound meaning to you, the reader. As a matter of fact the revelations themselves, when all is said and done, are really pretty dull. There is also a habit characters have, when going into great lengths of exposition that goes on for pages, to cup their hands around a coffee cup. It seems too much like a commercial for me! Anyway, the book hardly slows down for characterization or details and we get very few vivid descriptions in the book. Sometimes I wanted to know what things looked like, I wanted imagery not just exposition for pages. What was it about the atmosphere that, say Fischer found so scary? We needed the scenes to be better developed. By the end I was so tired of lines like: "God do you know what this means?" "What?" "I can't tell you now but it's freakin' awesome!" That exchange is not in the book but you will find many similar moments throughout. Just tell us already! The fear should come through our attachment to the characters not the mystery of the house because the mystery of the house is kind of weak. This book is not worth it, unfortunately. I hate to say it because I Am Legend is really good (though it did suffer from some of the same things I pointed out above, though on a smaller level). It's the classic "show don't tell" advice 
What lessons, if any, do past social movements teach American citizens? Is change feasible in today's society? Howard Zinn attempts to answer these two questions, along with a number of others, in his book entitled 'You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times.' A beautifully written and inspirational book, 'You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train' is quintessential Zinn-direct, yet optimistic. Zinn's central argument is that we are all capable of participating in change, however, for change to occur, we must all experience a social and political reawakening. Zinn's book offers the reader a more hopeful version of politics and society. Yet, such a version is only feasible if we, as Americans, actively participate in the political process. This involvement will fill ones soul with a sense of meaning, and in the end will create a better world for all to live in. For those interested in the history of American society, politics, and social justice issues, 'You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train' is a marvelous book filled with inspiration 
I've read some of the negative reviews listed for this title, and I must strongly disagree. Malphurs' work here is the best treatment of strategic planning for churches I have found to date. In place of the term "advanced" in the title, a better word would be "comprehensive." Nonetheless, Malphurs here provides a handbook addressing church planning that is unrivaled today in breadth and insight. As a pastor of twenty years, I wish this book had been available when I first started in ministry. I hope this title is now offered in many seminaries, because its content would be a gold mine for young, soon-to-be church leaders. Pastors, church staff members, and lay leaders, this volume is a must-have. In my opinion, it is required reading for anyone involved in church leadership 
Racism is not the problem with this book - sure...5 Chinese brothers look alike -maybe they look alike because they are brothers, not because they are Chinese. I bought this book because generally I love the books written in earlier times - they have a quaintness about their stories and illustrations that can transport you and your child to another time. This book does have engaging illustrations. What I find disturbing is the fact that this is a book for children yet: (1) a little boy drowns, never to be seen again (2) one brother is tried, arrested and sentenced to have his head cut off (3) the people of the village assemble in the village to witness the execution where the "executioner took his sword and struck a mighty blow" (4) the next brother was sentenced to be drowned and was thrown overboard from a boat (5) the next brother is sentenced to be burned alive - he was tied up to a stake and set fire (6) the next brother is sentenced to be suffocated - he's shovelled into an oven This is no more appropriate for a child (or adult for that matter) in 1936 than it is in 2005. Now, a lot of you are probably thinking I'm one of those mothers who just needs to get a sense of humour and lighten up. I'm not...I love the Giving Tree, and can put naughty Eloise (and the smoking nanny) in context, as I can many other books that polarise readers. I really wanted to like this book but trust me....if you buy it, you will have lots of uncomfortable explaining to do to a young child. An eight year old may be able to put it in context, but there is no way you should read this to a four year old. If you want a great book written in the 1930s, buy Ferdinand the Bull instead. It's a fantastic book. 
This book does something I've never seen before. It shows a cool young homo boy who's punk rock and a skater, not some wishwashy queen-boy. Sam, the lead character, is really cool. I'd like to be his friend, and his boyfriend, but that's another matter. Also, the dude he likes, Clay, is really hot. He's a surfer, but he's not a stereotypical surfer, he's much cooler, and also a little punk rock. I love this novel. The ending is really sad, but I loved it 
Narrated through the heartfelt voice of Amy Tan, the Kitchen God's Wife illustrates a compelling story of heritage and self-discovery. As a young Chinese woman, Winnie Louie, the main character and the conduit through which Tan expresses her voice, must endure an atrocious life under the abuse and torture of her wicked husband Wen Fu, a pretentious, arrogant, and egregious man who not only cheated his way up the military ladder, but also committed numerous felons including rape, murder, blackmailing, and extortion. Day after day, beating after beating, Winnie slowly begins to realize that in order to escape from Wen Fu and start a new life free from violence and marked by love, radical and immediate actions must be taken. When dealing with someone without even a modicum of human decency, someone like Wen Fu, the usual, traditional, and orthodox actions are futile. Striking a perfect chord between concision and elaboration, Tan keeps the reader constantly engaged as the dramatic story of Winnie unfolds itself. Relying mostly on authentic voice and keeping the meretricious elements to a minimum, Tan narrates the novel with surprising precision and unmatched beauty. Against the magnificent backdrops of a WWII-era China, the novel reassures the universal nature of mankind, that the problems troubling people today are experienced by all generations, regardless of race, nationality, or social status. As you read this rare gem amount literature, open the introspective window and enjoy the novel with your heart. 
This is a cute story about a spider who drops in on a farm. All the farm animals greet her and invite her to play. But the spider spends the day building her web instead. The book is fun and informative, and not at all scary. The pages are doubled so they are easy to turn, but be careful, because inquisitive little fingers may reach inside the pages and rip them. The book has about 350 words 
This novel is set in the 40's, when Elizabeth Short (the Black Dahlia) was found murdered, her body cut in two. The characters revolve around the investigation of this incident, altnough her name is changed. The chapters go back and forth between the views of two brothers: one, an amoral cop, the other, a Catholic priest, Monsignor, businessman, whatever you want to call him. Neither one is likable, the 40's cop jargon is incomprehensible, and the Catholic politics/building programs are boring. However, the murder is solved and the end is neatly tied up with a bow. If old cop stories appeal to you, you might like this, but I'm sure you could find better. Double Indemnity, for instance, is superior 
An excellent, well explained art book, with beautiful and easy to follow illustrations. The book is a treasure chest of ideas suitable for the primary classroom. This book provides plenty of opportunities to explore the various strands of the visual arts field. A great resource for any teacher, parent or doting aunt 
To cover all the problems with continuity, logic, theology, geography and plain common sense in _Left Behind_ would take a whole book. One hardly knows where to start. Perhaps it is too early to assess the damage that will be done to Christian religion by this trashy novel. As such, it isn't even a decent trashy novel; instead of steamy sex scenes, we get sanctimonious sermonizing. Worse than that, what the authors have done is to turn the powerful imagery of the Bible into a cheap comic book, ignoring its spiritual messages in favor of promoting a self-centered preoccupation with getting a ticket to heaven before it's too late. The comic book aspect can not be overemphasized. Even if you suspend disbelief enough to accept the rapture scenario (an idea with virtually no scriptural support), little in the characters' actions, thought processes or dialog rings true. One gets the impression that the book was hastily thrown together by a junior high school student. God ends up looking like the ultimate villain, demanding that you hurry up and get yourself and your friends on his side Or Else. Whatever happened to the inspiring Christian writers of yesteryear? Who is the present-day equivalent of C. S. Lewis, or Catherine Marshall, and why aren't they getting more attention? These were writers who actually made you THINK. LaHaye and Jenkins seem to believe that thinking is the last thing God wants us to be doing; they hardly miss a chance to put down anyone with any hint of intelligence or independent thought. They show no interest in answering the sort of hard questions that surviving non-believers in such a world might ask. One wonders if they have ever met a non-believer at all, or witnessed the aftermath of a disaster for that matter. These days, it seems as if all the media attention is on the likes of Ann Coulter or Pat Robertson, whose mission seems to be to turn Christianity into a twisted, bigoted caricature of what it once was. Perhaps all the great religious thinkers really have been raptured. If _Left Behind_ is an example of the sort of writing that we can expect from Christian writers, then it is the church itself that is in danger of being left behind 
i used to follow politics but now i know better. clinton is a hero to poor folk in the US only bc bush is such a nazi, sorry, but clinton did more than any pres in US history to cut welfare to the moms who need it the most! i ain't no fool partisan of a richmans party and i don't like america. and yes i'm born and raised in the US, there is no democracy here, only a moneycracy!!! power to the ppl lets make a real country for the ppl, not the capitalist leech scum!! 
Kenneth Pollack first gives his readers an excellent introduction to the remarkable history of Iran from the rise of the Persian Empire to the reign of the Pahlavis (pp. 3-100). Pollack shows clearly how nationalist and xenophobic Iran got wary of meddling foreigners, starting with the hated Russians and Brits, in its domestic affairs (pp. 4, 41). Many Iranians have angry psychological scars, believing that foreigners are the source of all their problems for partially understandable reasons (pp. 26, 71, 89, 99, 125, 128, 155-56, 161, 173-74, 242, 297, 389). Pollack focuses the bulk of his book on a balanced account of the troubled American-Iranian relations in the last 50+ years. The U.S. started building its "satanic" reputation after the CIA played a key role in helping the Brits get rid of Iran's popular Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddeq in 1953 (pp. 57-67). Mosaddeq's "crime" was the "illegal" nationalization of the Iranian oil industry under control of the rapacious Brits (pp. 52-56). The U.S. did not improve its reputation among most Iranians by supporting the dictatorial Shah who largely mismanaged the modernization of Iran until his overthrow in 1979 (pp. xxv, 72-140). Pollack convincingly demonstrates that the Truman Administration and its successors usually did not exercise enough pressure on the Shah to democratize and liberalize Iran when they had the opportunity to do it (pp. 49, 76-77, 81, 89-90, 104, 121-24, 136-40). The Shah, who was ironically considered sold out to the West, became less and less amenable to the "omniscient" U.S., beginning in the mid-1960s (pp. 39, 50, 84, 94, 99-100, 107, 120-27, 158, 173). After the revolution of 1979, the U.S. mostly supported Saddam Hussein during the Iran-Iraq war and funded different destabilization operations to contain and try to overthrow the Islamic Republic (pp. 206-16, 259-65, 273-76, 386). The U.S. apologized in 2000 for some past misdeeds in an unsuccessful attempt to improve its relations with Teheran under the presidency of the moderate but ultimately ineffective Mohammad Kathami, who was under relentless pressure from the hard-liners (pp. xxv, 303-42). Pollack blames with equal conviction the Iranians for the awful relations existing between both countries. Iran has built its reputation of international pariah due to the illegal seizure of the U.S. embassy staff in 1979, its lack of democratic credentials, its support of terrorism around the world, its opposition to the Middle East peace process, and its pursuit of (nuclear) WMDs (pp. xxi, 141-80, 182, 198-201, 237-40, 248, 256-59, 266-67, 277, 345, 379-82). Pollack also explains to its readers that many Iranians have a poor understanding of the U.S. (pp. 50, 180, 309). Pollack does not hesitate to show repeatedly that greed has not stopped the international community, including the U.S. at times, from doing business with Iran in the last 25+ years (pp. 164-65, 262-65, 271-72, 286-89). Iran is trying without much success to emulate China by crushing internal dissent and favoring economic development (pp. xxiv, 250, 369-73, 390-91). The U.S. will be of no help in this endeavor as long as Iran stubbornly clings to its pursuit of acquiring nuclear military expertise on top of other objectionable actions (pp. 273, 312, 324, 351). Pollack tries to crack the Iranian enigma by rightly ruling out an invasion of Iran due to its size, population, and topography (pp. xxiii, 383-86). Pollack ultimately pleads for a three-pronged strategy that rests on an unconvincing mix of carrots and sticks (pp. 375-424). The U.S.-led international community seems to believe that Iran will "submit" to the "diktats" of foreigners in the nuclear crisis without undermining again the "legitimacy" of the hard-liners (pp. xxv-xxvi, 157, 251, 352, 365, 395-400). Hard-liners have not forgotten the humiliation of 1988 (pp. 227-33). Nuclear WMDs would shield Iran from further "humiliating" foreign interference (pp. 259, 361-69). The Shi'i hard-liners, inspired by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini and co, relish martyrdom and heavy sacrifices (pp. 157, 177-79, 222-23, 302). Like most of his predecessors, President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is seeking confrontation with the international community as a way of diverting Iranians' attention from their problems for which ideology is a poor solution (pp. 158, 238, 243, 293-96, 348, 369-74). Iranian hard-liners can find plenty of inspiration in the playbooks of Adolf Hitler and co. The U.S. will discover again at its own expense that key countries will balk at acting responsibly after Iran predictably fails to comply with the legitimate demands of the society of nations (pp. 165, 262). Iranian hard-liners consider weakness a defensive and reactive policy towards their offensive agenda (pp. 218, 234-35, 266, 300). Nothing meaningful will happen until the implementation of very comprehensive economic / financial sanctions and the credible threat of massive strategic bombardments against the nuclear and revolutionary power infrastructure across Iran (pp. 299, 301, 392-95). Iran has not been impressed with half-baked carrots like the Critical Dialogue and, with "Mini-Me" sticks such as Dual Containment and a few cruise missiles (pp. 265, 273-76, 283-84, 291, 337-38, 344, 391). There will be no free lunch (p. 385). Stepped-up war against (state-sponsored) terrorism will require a series of "patriotic" sacrifices to mitigate the inevitable, short-term sharp increase in energy prices. Furthermore, there will be a new spike in terrorist operations as a "payback" for muscular action against Iran (pp. 253, 345-49, 354-58, 373, 392). If Iran is not stopped before it acquires nuclear WMDs, it will indulge with a vengeance its own regional hegemonic aspirations not only in the Persian Gulf, but also in Central Asia (pp. 253-56). Energy prices will not go down in this scenario. Furthermore, Iranian hard-liners could consider Southern Russia and Chinese Xinjiang fair game for their revolutionary agenda due to the sub-optimal treatment of many Muslim minorities in these areas (pp. 198-205). Their military nuclear program is not purely defensive. Whoever ignores the past, will pay a heavy price down the road. 
This book is full of excuses and manipulated data that ignores the ultimate moral responsibility of a society. We can correlate joblessness with the number of innercity households that contain black ink pens if we want to. While Wilson presents an argument in an attempt to educate, his words are slanted in such a way that we are left feeling "sorry for them" 
On the surface, Natsuo Kirino gives us a book loaded with nail-biting, page turning suspense. What lies beneath is a scathing commentary on the social climate for women in Japan. Women are seen as beautiful young pets, or useless old bags. Kirino shows a side of Japan that I didn't know existed. Kirino's brilliant characterization makes this book work. Every person is fleshed out within the context of the story, and flashbacks are only used when absolutely necessary. I never felt like the story was on hold while I learned about someone's childhood. I can't stand it when writers stop a story cold just to fill in holes that they have created. Kirino doesn't have that problem. The book has a bit of a slow start, but it is necessary for the author to paint a picure of the mundane world the characters live in before things start to heat up. The story picks up momentum and charges through to a brilliant ending (I have to disagree with other reviewers who disliked the ending. If you don't like the ending, you may be missing the point of the whole book). The plot twists manage to surprise the reader without feeling forced. Kirino's style is concise and well-paced. My one complaint is that it is difficult to keep the characters straight because of their similar names. With names like Yayoi, Yoshie, and Yoko it's hard to know who's who at times. This may show my American ignorance, but I have to admit that this was a problem for me. This minor complaint aside, I loved this book and I highly recommend it to all fans of crime fiction 
i couldn't help myself when i opened the juicing bible--i should have been doing other things--but i spent over an hour perusing the pages. it contains a wealth of information on fruits, herbs, and vegetables and their healing properties. the layout is handy and it is easy to find things with the detailed indices. the recipes are simple, clearly written, and sound delicious. i am excited and inspired. in fact, i'm going to get my juicer off of the bottom shelf of the pantry and go for it 
I am pretty sure that the author sent the only positive review. That is pretty pathetic. This book was written with no rhyme or reason. There is no good progression of information or understandable sense to it all. One star is stretch. Plus, i am asian, and it was still hard for me-that is when you know it is bad 
Pretty much all of the Todd Parr books we've read are great but the "Peace Book" and the "Family Book" are by far our favorites. They are very positive and carry a theme of tolerance. We'd highly recommend this book! 
I purchased this book to read to my baby and it is just a sweet little tale about Mommies and their mischievious babies. I can't wait until she is old enough to sit on my lap and really understand the story when I read it to her. I highly recommend it 
By far a very thorough and intelligent read. I could not put it down. The evidence that pyramids all over earth from a lost epoch of man align to specific star clusters is overwhelming in my opinion. Doesn't take a PhD to realize that if something looks like a duck, walks like a duck and quacks like a duck.... chances are it's a duck. Everthing is presented via full color images and in an easy to comprehend format. It has changed my perspective and at the same time answered many questions for me personally; and of course will raise many more! An absolute must read 
PROS: 1. John Corey is still a funny, memorable character. CONS: 1. Very little suspense. The author's use of a doomed character's point of view--switching to third person--to tell the reader all of the hows and whys of the main villain's Dr. Evil-esque plan ("FIRE THE NUKE!"). Then, after we know everything, we get plopped back into the first-person, investigative head of Corey, who doesn't yet have the story solved. The result is predicatable and tedious. 2. The don't-look-behind-the-curtain (gratuitous?) use of the Ted Nash character, who makes a brief appearance at the end...despite having died in NIGHTFALL...and, uh, THE LION'S GAME. Why is Ted's appearance so brief here? Well, he admits to screwing Ms. Mayfield. Naturally, Ms. Mayfield opens fire and fills Ted with bullets. Presumably, Ted's dead for good now. 3. The politics of DeMille's novels has been present in other books, but it's never been this catty. Why is the nuke kook a right-winger? (Hey, why not?) I should have known when the jacket cover said the book "will challenge you to question everything you thought you knew about your leaders and your country." The only thing this book has made me question is how anyone can seriously be more worried about conservatives nuking L.A. and San Francisco than the real terrorists out there...the ones who want to slit throats and post the footage on the web. 4. Continuity problems from how the last book, NIGHTFALL ended...Corey and his wife seem way too disaffected by it all. Yep, they are bothered by 9/11, but they are both working their same jobs, apparently having gotten over the whole sickening coverup (witnessed via videotape) that the "accident" of the TWA flight 800 was really caused by a missile. There is passing reference to this, but not much. Apparently, a guy like Corey doesn't do much soul searching. He just keeps going to work. In realilty, it's hard not to notice that DeMille still doesn't know how to deal with the storytelling hole he got himself in with the last book. Corey is really all this book has going for it. And, while in his capable hands the world will be saved from kooky nuclear schemes from kooky Republicans, he can't save this book. I think I'm done with DeMille, for better or for worse 
Before I started reading "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance," the book had a lot going for it: stellar reviews on the cover, an intriguing title and its status as one of five or six books found in the meager philosophy section at Walden Books in Pocatello. Unfortunately, despite these advantages, the book failed to deliver anything but ambiguity and disappointment. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't terrible, it just wasn't very good. I'm not sure whether the book is a memoir, a novel or a philosophical treatise. In "Zen" Robert Pirsig tells the story of a motorcycle trip he went on with his son, Chris in the 1970s. But the story, I guess, is not really about the bike trip itself but the thoughts the author has about quality and technology. The only interesting passage of the whole book can be found on page 17: "The Buddha, the Godhead, resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top of a mountain or in the petals of a flower." That passage is good. The rest of the book is depressing and confusing. Throughout the entire motorcycle trip, the author ignores his son and becomes lost in his own head thinking deep thoughts about the definition of "quality." I'm not sure if this book was intended as a novel, but if it was, it failed to produce character growth. It's standing as a work of philosophy is not much better. The author's ideas could have been explained in a 20 page essay and been much clearer. Whatever the book was supposed to be, it didn't impressed me. 
This was an amazing book. It was one of those where when you read it, you can picture the story in your head, almost movie like. Feist did an amazing job with descriptions and character developement. This was my first Fiest book, but I can guarantee you, it wont be my last. The plot follows a young boy named Kieli and his story of becoming a spy and weapon against those that murdered his village. The story begins with Kieli on a vision quest, a test to prove he is ready to be an adult. He must go to a sacred hill and wait for a vision to appear to him. He then finds that his village has been attacked and that he is the sole remainer of his people. The story goes on to tell of his quest for vengance and his plot of revenge. Amazing in every way 
Tony Judt's "Postwar - A History of Europe Since 1945" is the well researched material from a British conservative born 1948 in London and educated at Cambridge and Paris on political, social and economic developments in Europe following World War II. Steeped in information about little understood countries, the book would be a great read for non-Europeans interested in how the continent recovered from the war, especially in East Germany, the Balkans, and the Eastern Europe countries that were strongly influenced by the USSR. The book makes the point, that without the threat of the USSR in Eastern Europe, the US isolationist might have prevailed, which would have adversely influenced the recovery of West Germany, and Communism might not have collapsed so quickly. Although the book is relativly easy to read, its 800 plus pages are peppered with little over-the-top clauses that add about 200 unnecessary pages to the work. Nevertheless, as non-professional historian, I would rank the book slightly under 5 stars. 
Guys and Dolls is a fantastic musical, and this vocal selections book is a good representation of it. Unfortunately, some songs like Marry The Man Today, My Time Of Day, Follow The Fold and The Oldest Established have been left out from the book, but that is the price you pay, or rather don't pay, when you don't buy the full vocal score. However, this book will satisfy fans of the show, complete with pictures from the original 1950 Broadway production, the 1955 film, and the New 1992 Broadway Revival. Definately, this book is a good buy 
I think this is really an excellent book, one that I would highly recommend. Everyone should read this and realize the words of wisdom. The authors do an EXCELLENT job of talking about why it is so important to eat well about all the benefits of proper diet and the dangers of improper diets. And so on, and so forth. Get the book and educate yourself 
This book gives very good advice about managing behavior problems in difficult children. However, the concept of a "strong-willed child" is confusing because it implies a child with will power or self control. These difficult children actually have poor will power and self control. The techniques given in this book will help teach such children self control. It is important to understand that the cause of the strong-willed child is an excessive drive for power over others. The strong willed child wants to be Captain and he wants everyone else including his parents to be a deck hand. Parenting this type of child correctly, will help him learn to better control himself and respect others. However, he will likely never be the compliant child that some parents are hoping for. [... 
Jesus, talk about the little girl crying "wolf." When I picked up this book, I expected to read a truly terrifying tale about how people got sick with a horrifying disease that no one knew/knows how to deal with. What I got instead was a lot of perseverating and a lot of emotional presumption. The book starts out promisingly, even if Preston surrenders freely to flowery prose. We're given the account of Charles Monet, one of the first documented cases of the Ebola virus. From there on, Preston gives a description of the virus, what it does, how it does it - the works. Then, he moves on to the Human Component, the cast of characters, so to speak, for the big story. The big story is, alas, not so impressive. It's a case of an Ebola outbreak amongst a shipment of monkeys that everyone thinks is going to cause awful problems to come about, but nothing of the sort happens. Basically, people run around in bio-hazard gear, fret a lot, and monkeys die. In between, Preston manages to surpass his self-indulgence to talk about other cases of the Ebola virus, cases of people being infected, "crashing and bleeding out," cases that are a lot more interesting than a shipment of monkeys, unless you're a PETA type. The worst thing about The Hot Zone is just how self-indulgent Preston is. He starts to novelize his subjects a few chapters into the book, which is a noble idea, but not when they don't die at the end. Basically, he's trying to make you care about these people, and all for naught. And by the time that you're supposed to be truly concerned, you actually WANT them to die, because you're tired of hearing about him describe, in active detail, what they eat in the morning, what they do in the afternoon, and how they lie in bed with their spouses at night. When you're addressing a subject as fascinating as a Level 4 virus, why are you spending time talking about Nancy Jaax's hands and karate prowess? Moreover, when you've finally gotten to the monkeys, why are you talking about what kind of monkeys they are and how they dwell in the wild? Does anyone really care? I wish I could say that this book moved me in ways other than to reverse my peristalsis, but I can't. Preston's ornate metaphors that pepper almost every page of this book are tiresome and unnecessary; he had the chance to write a compact little thriller about an averted crisis of global proportions, but he instead chose to "get into the minds" of his subjects. And what a bore that became. There were only two redeeming aspects of this book: one was the description of the African, human Ebola victims, and the other was the description of the virus itself, although, again, both were sabotaged by Preston's inability to write. If you want to know something about Ebola, go get An Idiot's Guide to Dangerous Diseases and Epidemics. If you're pining for the namby-pambiness of the Human Element, read The Hot Zone. Personally, I like to avoid rereading the Uncle Tom's Cabins of scientific accounting 
Edward Said, created a proble and made a career of the Israel Palestine Conflict, and conviently died before he could also resolve the death and destruction he brought to the Arab Palestinians. He was a one man destruction derby under the guise of poetry, linguistics and hate and he helped stir up anti Israel and anti Jewish hatred on every University he spoke at. Hopefully, this "vintage" book will become no longer relevant, ans disappear 
First I have to admit, I only read 150 pages of this book. That was all I could possibly stand. Life is just too short to waste on a book you don't enjoy reading. Ballas, our main character, is a drunk and a scoundrel. One is not sure whether they should root for or against him. He is a vagrant, thief, and all around not so nice guy. He steals a mysteriously beautiful gemstone, which sets into motion something........I got too bored to stick around and find out what. The first 150 pages are filled with Ballas being beaten within an inch of his life, coming to, healing enough to move on, only to be beaten within an inch of his life again. ok, we get it, let's get on with the story. I just got too bored to stay with this one folks. Maybe it got better, but to me, if an author can't write well enough to grab and maintain my attention, their book isn't worth my time. There are too many great books out there. Read this one at your own risk, if you can stay awake through it, that is 
This is a nice enough board book, but be advised that it is NOT the full version of Dr. Seuss' book! They've left out several (charming!) pages of text and illustrations for the Board Book... What a disappointment to loyal fans, and how unfair to the newest generation of fans-to-be 
I found this book embarrassing to read - not because it's risque, but because it so clearly illustrates how the French Italians got their reputations as great lovers. Is this the best that English literature can give us? This fellow clearly understands little of female anatomy, let alone female sexuality. It's also mean-spirited. Lawrence proves his points by setting up his version of idealized man and even more idealized woman, and then spends most of the book trying to knock down every other character and concept. This is his only real method of proving the superiority of his ideal. He drips way too much contempt. Everything outside of sex is dumb, meaningless, ridiculous. Attempting to derive enjoyment from the "mental life" makes one ridiculous; being paralyzed makes one ridiculous; trying to have sex in any way outside Lawrence's own true and correct way makes one pathetic, or defective, or spiteful; not being able to enjoy the sort of lovemaking Lawrence proposes makes one undeserving of the title of "woman" or "man"; and so on. Looking at Italian art is stupid. Everything in Paris is stupid. Constance can apparently tell from a glance that nobody in France knows how to have sex properly. Reading the book without his openly contemptuous commentary on what's "wrong" with everyone except C. and M., one might easily conclude that Constance doesn't really seem happier now that she's sleeping with the gamekeeper, and Hilda does seem happier in Venice - the author counters this by ridiculing "that kind" of happiness as delusional and druglike. He even seems to imply that her being so pleased with her life is yet more proof that there's something wrong with her. Of course Constance is wretched, because she does not have that one thing that, in Lawrence's view, really matters in life - not Mellors, but Mellors' equipment. This book does degenerate into phallus-worship, which makes the author's hostility toward "druglike" pleasures seem sort of ironically comical. Hilda is pathetic precisely because she can derive enjoyment from sensual pleasures: from Venice, from the feel of the sun, from jazz, from dancing. This seems weird to me - as if Lawrence is punishing the uppity woman. Hilda is also described as worse than pathetic - she is a "user", with strong suggestions that she is cold and immoral - because she enjoys that part of dancing which allows her to press up against a strange man, only to walk away when the dance is over. (This may be why at least one reviewer called the book sexist, since obviously Lawrence doesn't mind if Mellors is callous and behaves as a "user".) It's actually sort of creepy how an author who seems to be claiming that sensuality is good consistently knocks sensual pleasures like the feel of sunshine on one's body. Everything is stupid except sex - and not just any sex, but his notion of real sex. This is where astute readers will have the most trouble. Lawrence clearly defines a "real" woman - Constance Chatterly - by contrasting her with bad examples. A woman who lays there "unfeeling" is clearly an example. Such a woman is described in terms suggesting she lacks warmth/decency/heart/womanhood/etc. Lawrence doesn't even seem to have considered the possibility that maybe what the man is or isn't doing could even be related; it's presented quite clearly as a difference between good/desireable women vs. women who are defective not only physically, but in character. On the other hand, a woman with an unfeminine urge to be In Control - that is, one who insists on moving herself, rather than sitting passive and letting the man do what he will - is forgivable when Michaelis is the male (because he's premature, and meant to be pathetic), but it turns unforgiveable when it's women in general and especially Mellor's Bertha, who just refused to come when she should out of spite. Bertha just had a sick (!) urge to be In Control, demonstrating her essentially vicious and pathological nature. The only thing Mellors did wrong was to not put her in her place promptly - he "spoilt" her. As for all those touchy-feely things that women so frequently enjoy? Forget it. Lawrence suggests that Mellors does at least sometimes kiss and touch, but if it happens at all it appears to be mostly incidental, nothing important. A Real Woman doesn't need foreplay. Just hop on and go, and if she's what she ought to be, she'll feel crashing waves and dark tides sooner or later. These were what I found the most embarrassingly inaccurate - that a woman's duty is to lie there, not too passive, but not too active, and come when she's supposed to (and if she doesn't, it's her own fault); while a man's job is to climb on top and "perform". All of this is based on what ought to be a perfectly logical set of assumptions that are, unfortunately, not true. The truth is that a woman's vagina is not the equal-but-opposite inverse of a male penis; there's a thing that both males and females start out with, which in a man becomes the penis, and in the woman becomes (or remains) a clitoris. Lawrence seems to assume that what a woman feels is similar to what a man feels - but he assigns this feeling to the wrong body part. Women have always known about their own bodies; surely a man so dedicated to the advancement of sexuality could have and should have taken more time to research how women really feel about things, preferably apart from what women think men "want to hear". This, too, is no doubt why it has been accused of being "sexist". The author (or at least Mellors) openly blames women who cannot or will not "come to the crisis" when she ought, as if it were entirely of the woman's doing and had nothing at all to do with the man. It's also likely that science will eventually prove (if it hasn't already) that women like Constance Chatterly are not the norm or 'what a woman ought to be' emotionally as well as physically. For all that Lawrence spends an awful lot of energy ripping apart what he sees as silly, even noxious emotions and desires - such as "intimacy" and "connection", both of which he has Constance openly ridicule - biologists are increasingly finding that not only do men and women tend to have different feelings and expectations when it comes to the sex act, but that there is believed to be an evolutionary advantage in these differences, based on the notion that a man's biological job is to get his DNA out there, while reproduction for a woman involves a heavy emotional and physical commitment. If this is true, it would be the woman who takes such a cavalier and reckless attitude toward sex who is the deviant, not the one who wants to connect emotionally with the future sire of her child. So - while there may or may not be women who feel as Constance does, at the same time it's not so clearly obvious that a woman "should" feel that way, as to justify Lawrence's open belittling of women whose emotional states don't match masculine emotional detachment and distance. There's a lot of talk of "tenderness" - in fact, Constance keeps mentally accusing everyone in Venice of somehow "lacking tenderness" - but quite frankly I am unclear on what exactly is supposed to be so tender. The only thing he values about her is that he quite clearly likes having sex with her, but even there she only stands out particularly because a good sex partner is so difficult to find. I can imagine a woman putting up with - but I cannot imagine a woman particularly treasuring - a man who rebuffs her when she wishes to talk, who is rude to her instead of treating her as equal (remembering she's a Lady) when she asks him questions, who calls her c--t as if that were her name, and generally treats her as if she were a whore. I could imagine a woman finding this fun if it were a game they jumped into and out of, but this is how their relationship really is; she spends far too much time begging or wanting to beg him for reassurance - for the things he won't say and the questions he won't answer - for me to find her undiluted enjoyment in their relationship particularly credible. For what it's worth, I think life will be better when this book has become obsolete. It is exactly this sort of schlock that had women feeling pressured to fake their sexual responses - at great cost to their marriages, if not their selves. Those who agree that heppiness is linked to sexual satisfaction should be in favor of replacing this book with something that deals with sex in a way that reflects female sexuality in an honest and realistic fashion. As for those who just want a good read - I'd call it a matter of personal taste. Obviously some people enjoy this book. (Equally obviously, I did not. 
Girl Sleuth is a must-read especially for the over-50 Nancy Drew fan. Rehak's research is remarkable. However, on p. 47, Rehak has Mildred Augustine headed west to the University of Iowa from her hometown of Ladora, Iowa. She would have headed east. I have been teaching 30 years in the school district that now includes students from the town of Ladora and have my own degree from Iowa. I've traveled Highway 6 between Ladora and Iowa City many, many times. Marcia Nilles What Cheer I 
I have looked high and low through countless new age books and Voyagers was the first book that really fofilled my sense of longing. After every other book I had read, I found myself still searching, but after Voyagers, I no longer needed to search. That is not to say that everything you ever needed to know can be found in this book, it is more of an introduction to a larger body of work where you can find information on everything you wanted to know, and then some. If you are genuinely looking for answers, then don't take my word for it, or any one else's for that matter... just read it for yourself and decide for yourself if it is right for you. 
Twain's account of his years on the Mississippi is part travel book, part memoir, and part historical work, with a few sketches, stories, and tall tales tossed in for good measure. There is even an outtake from the not-yet-published "Huckleberry Finn," along with extensive excerpts from historical and contemporary accounts by other authors. This smorgasbord of material makes for an uneven book, but much of it shows Mark Twain at his humorous and humanistic best. The kernel of the volume (and its best, most cohesive section) is in chapters 4 through 17; this material appeared in the Atlantic magazine in 1875 and recalls his early life as a crew member on steamboats in the early 1850s. His adventures as a young man are fraught with danger, full of comedy, populated by a number of ornery, mischievous, and reckless characters, and occasionally embellished (although Twain is a bit obvious when he's fobbing off a yarn). As Twain later wrote in "Puddn'head Wilson, "if there was anything better in this world than steamboating, it was the glory to be got by telling about it." After he published the series in the Atlantic, Twain added another 46 chapters; much of it an account of his homecoming (incognito--or so he'd hoped) to the Mississippi River in 1882, when the steamboat had been rendered obsolete by the railroad. Many of these descriptions are unusually (for Twain) melancholy; he remarks upon the relatively emptiness of the river traffic and notes the transformations to the river and its banks that had made steamboat travel safer but less adventurous. His new journey provides opportunities to relate a number of stories--some allegedly told to him on the river and a few unpublished tales that he deemed relevant and worthy of inclusion. The material from other sources, unfortunately, tends to bog things down--and there are about 10,000 words of it commingled in the text and included as appendices. Twain gathered newspaper articles and historical documents; he also included travel writing from earlier visitors, primarily Europeans distracted by how Americans and their homes were horribly uncouth and dirty. (You almost get the feeling that Twain would have smacked "the once renowned and vigorously hated" Frances Trollope upside the head if he'd had the chance; she provides Twain with the most interesting, if snooty, descriptions of traveling along the Mississippi early in the century.) The material Twain wrote, however, more than compensates for the dryness of the extraneous stuff. As always, he is quotable, witty, amusing, and provocative. In spite of its excesses, nobody has done the Mississippi better 
What a wonderful book this author has written. It talks about developing interpersonal skills, public speaking skills, prospecting skills, networking etiquette, sales skills, marketing principles, and even customer service. It mentions the power of the Thank You note, and of giving more than you receive. It also devotes a chapter on some things about home-based businesses. And a chapter about the opportunities available through network marketing, and also a chapter on mail order and direct marketing as a business opportunity. I'm not sure the mail order chapter should have been included. Quite frankly, I think the author should have written another book about what he discusses in chapters 12 to 14 instead of including those chapters here. And I think Chapter 15 should have been saved for its own book, and not included in this book either. But who cares! Anybody interested in the main thrust of the book (endless referrals) is going to be interested in chapters 12 to 15 - and they are well written and informative. What I liked the most about the book was the chapter summaries at the end of each chapter. I did not have to wade through the book the first time through. I just had to read the summaries. The other thing that was really nice about the book was the "recommended reading" sections at the end of chapters 12 through 15 and the one at the end of the book. Those booklists were very thorough and helpful. 5 stars 
The new economy is a global economy favoring intangible things: ideas, information, and relationships and is intensely interlinked. Today, the new information based sector occupies over 15% of the total US economy. In the postindustrial society, communication has become the economy and the cultural, technological, and conceptual impacts reverberate at the roots of our lives. The financial sector has reshaped the economy; the financial sector ownership involves only a small number of people; the financial innovations include: mortgages, insurance, venture funding, stocks, checks, credit cards, and mutual funds; the financial sector has given rise to corporations, market capitalism, the industrial age, and has influenced how all business has been done. Since communication is the economy, the net is the future. The net has accelerated in usage due to the increase in silicon chips and fiber optic data transmission; the net is weaving lives, minds, and artifacts into a global scale network; the result is the swarm of information, reticulating the surface of the planet; the new economy will increasing obey the logic of the networks and understanding the network will be the key to understanding how the economy works. In 1997, there were 6 billion non-computer chips and by 2005 the predicted usage was at 10 billion. The network represents connectivity. We are connection everything to everything. The network values the dumb power of bits in the swarm; the connectivity and usage of the dumb bits or parts in the swarm yield smart results; and we don't need advanced Artificial Intelligence to make an intelligent system. The network is a link of distributed, bottom up, data bits; it lets things communicate among themselves and takes a decentralized approach for communication, for example, manufacturing robots scheduling their own work based on incoming requests, as they bid on work dependant on their capability. The swarm aim is superior performance in a turbulent environment. Consider the power of the "Wisdom of the crowds". In one case sample, 5,000 attendees, at a computer graphics conference were give individual access to a simulator and the task on how too land a plane. The attendee had novice knowledge about how to land the plane. The jet responded to the average decisions of the swarm. The group landed the jet with almost no direction. In another case example, the group was given the task to navigate a submarine and go look for buried treasure. The group could not initiate any movement until leadership from a loud speaker was given to "go right". The leadership unlocked the paralysis of the swarm and the direction facilitated action. Technology success is measured on how invisible it becomes to the end user and how effective it becomes to the long term strategy in developing products and services that can't be ignored. The power of the network increases in value n power 2 where n is the number of members. Therefore, networks need to increase their critical mass of members to become effective. Innovation attracts members. Innovation is more important than price; price is the derivative of innovation; monopolies push up price and decrease quality and create a dangerous singular source of innovation; and the network destroys monopolies through collective innovation, such as, open source. 
Don't get me wrong, this was an enjoyable read. Since retiring Matthew Hope I guess EM had an urge to return to SW Florida with this tale. Funny adult repartee and a good mystery but only age 9-12 reading level according to the Amazon rating?? These latest books from McBain are all very similar and are being churned out at almost a TV-episode rate, but how about trying to stretch a bit 
I have been reading a series of autobiographical accounts of modern day warriors and had high hopes for this title. As others have pointed out, Coughlin's ego can be suffocating at times. This could be forgiven if it were the books only flaw. Alas it is not. The writing is amateurish at best and the author's overuse of adjective and hyperbole is very distracting. The language is disjointed and unnatural as if it were written with the heavy use of a thesaurus. Again this could be forgiven as we're reading this book for a soldier's account, not that of an English grad student. This book offers a stark contrast in comparison with Nathaniel Fick's "One Bullet Away." Whereas Fick seems to be an intelligent, thoughtful and humble warrior whose primary concern is the welfare of his men, Coughlin conveys himself as a shallow intellect with more concern for personal glory and satisfaction than anything else. He is a team player when he hand picks the team and considers them worthy of his own company. You cannot know a person from reading their writing but Coughlin's character development is very superficial. His attempts to convey a "human side" are unbelievable and seem grossly contrived. This is a great contrast to the character development in "One Bullet." There is no connection between author and reader in "Shooter." Coughlin does not develop the role players either. In "One Bullet" you really feel the brotherhood developed among the officer, his NCOs and the enlisted men. Additionally, Coughlin's demeaning descriptions of his support staff (non-trigger pullers) is tedious and only reinforces doubts about his team ethic. To make matters worse the action isn't as well developed as in other titles. The author's self-congratulatory tone and emphasis on personal exploits, with plenty of after-action chest thumping, obscures the view of battle. He spends little time on the finer elements of sniper tradecraft, training and shooting. This can be found elsewhere. Overall this book was a great disappointment. If only a fraction of Coughlin's self-acclaimed exploits are true, then he is a remarkable sniper. He should let his accomplishments speak for themselves and not try to beat us over the head with them 
Sorry guys, I looked forward to working on recipes from this cookbook due to the very enthusiastic reception it received from the media. The graphics of the book are truly beautiful. The recipes however, hmmm, try again. I followed a simple recipe for Apple Crisp and got a bad result. I now go to respected standard cookbooks for my Apple Crisp recipe and the old family favorite always turns out great. Really people, the recipes are NOT the stuff of greatness. Graphics? Great. Photography? Great? Recipes? You have got to be kidding 
Lost World Knopf Inc., 1995, Hardback 393 pp., $18.87 Michael Crichton ISBN 0-679-41946-2 What would you do if you were trapped on an island stuck with prehistoric dinosaurs that are ready to tear you to shreds? A group of scientists are stuck on an island are about to be torn to shreds. Ian Malcom and his three partners have gone to an island called Isla Sorna believing there are dinosaurs that are still on the island since the prehistoric time. When they get to the island they figure out that the dinosaurs are not from the prehistoric time but from a cloning company called Ingen that cloned dinosaurs in Crichton's previous novel. Lost World is a grabbing novel and will keep you reading for hours on end. Crichton gives great descriptions of characters, places, and objects that will keep guessing if he was really on the island. It makes you feel like you are a part of the story on the island or off. Crichton has made novels that continue this novel and start this novel. Jurassic park was Crichton's novel before this and Jurassic park III is the novel that continues this novel. Lost World is exciting, adventurous, grabbing, and will always be a great novel. I would recommend this novel to anyone who likes adventures and anyone who likes to feel like you're in the story. Lost World is the best novel I have read and will be for quite a while. Andy Pop 
I was recommended this book after having taken a Body Electric workshop a few weeks before. From the first page I began to re-live the entire bonding rituals that we had experienced over that weekend. How to connect, how to communicate, and how to intimately bond on a higher plane! Although some of the prose is repetitive, it helps instill a spiritual base on which the reader can pull from. A definite must have book for the gay tribe who would like to interact spiritually and emotionally 
If you are going to Walt Disney World Resort for the first time and want to keep some mystery until you actually ride the attractions, then this book may not be for you. Some of the descriptions for the various attractions go step-by-step through them, including plot points in 3D movies and so on. The book also leaves a lot out in other areas, such as dining (little coverage), getting around Walt Disney World, and off-site hotels and dining. For me, the Unofficial Guide to Walt Disney World (by Bob Sehlinger) was much better at giving me the info I needed without giving away any details as to the surprises on the rides. That is, it told me what might frighten a youngster, what might bore an adult, and so on, but it didn't say specifically what would happen at every stage of any of the attractions. Just generalizations about the ride, then specific warnings for different types of people. The only things Birnbaum offers that the Unofficial Guide doesn't are pictures and info on some of the ancillary activities such as parasailing. If you have an Internet connection, you don't need the pictures. And as for the ancillary activities as well as nice maps, you can't beat the Passporter book on Disney World. So, for me, the Unofficial Guide plus the Passporter yields the best trip planning library for Walt Disney World. If you like, you can also pick up the EZ-Guide, as it also has some interesting maps and info. As for Birnbaum's, it really doesn't have anything to offer. I wouldn't recommend against buying it, though, except for the "let me tell you the plot and ending to the movie before you go" mentality. I hate spoilers, and wish someone had warned me before I started reading this book 
Hi, I have used this book among others to get accepted to McKinsey (and with success) and I think this book gave me less then others. The advantages are the more or less detailed frameworks chapter and the real-life interviews chapter, but the cases themselves are rather superficial and sometimes even obviously ridiculous(like for example the case in which a Star-Trek like omnipotent people transporter has been invented, and the book claims that it wouldn't replace cars because it costs 100,000$. Come on, they would buy one for every block). I think there are much better resources than this. Good luck with your interviews 
This is one of two or three must have books that every person interested in or practicing Smalltalk needs to read and keep on a shelf near by. Kent's writing style is clear, concise and often humorous. A very entertaining and informative book by one of the giants in the Smalltalk world 
This book just rambles on and on and never seems to end. I don't think I have ever been so disappointed in a book. Since I started to read it, I feel like I have to finish it. I am just praying for that day to come soon. I have to skip over entire paragraphs just to get through a chapter. It is overwhelming proof that hippies should NEVER write books 
Before reading this book, I'd had a much more black-and-white (sc., mostly black) impression of Jewish life in medieval and early modern Europe. This cogently-writtten volume presents a much more nuanced picture. Ghetto walls were an injustice, but also a refuge for many Jews from the tense environment around them. Oddly enough, this circumstance contributed to the relatively large number of conversions to Christianity in the liberal West after the Napoleonic liberations (in contrast to the shtetl Jews in Poland and Russia, who lived side-by-side with Gentile neighbors). Katz's discussions of of Jewish martyrs during the First Crusade and the flexibility of rabbinic responsa, among other topics, are also quite fascinating. 
I am an avid reader, and I will finish a book no matter how difficult it is, or how boring it is, and I couldn't finish this one. It was so dry - and I couldn't connect with any of the characters. I was really disappointed 
A great reference book to have for any designer, although a little tedious at times a solid read with a great historical overview of the subject. I would definitely recommend to any enthusiastic designer with a thirst for knowledge on things Typographical. Since reading, I have become more critical of Typography in general and it works as a great guide when in doubt 
Not only do I disagree with his opinions, but some of his facts are blatently false. On page 106 he refers to violence agains Native Americans by European settlers as "isolated instances" and not planned nor calculated. Had to read it for a class and it was less then enjoyable 
This play explores the same old turf as "Death of a Salesman", but it does so with much less satisfaction and much less character development. Eddie is no Willy Loman, though, and the play suffers immediately from a lack of a central, driving force like Willy. Parts of the play seem borrowed from Tennessee Williams, and they don't seem to work in this context. There is some business about the romance of the Old World Italy versus the New World of Opportunity on the docks of New York, and it is the only topic that is at all explored well, if still unsatisfactorily. Eddie's dreams are represented in his pretty niece, Catherine; and unlike Willy Loman's uncle, she is still an attainable dream. That makes Eddie's life seem all the more petty, in comparison to Willy's: he longs wearily not after what he could have had, but after what he can never have, as he is already married. The death scene at the end of the play also seems like a forced, tacked on ending, and Alfieri's entire presence is a more or less unsuccessful stage gimmick. There are better plays by Miller, and many better plays by others 
This book was written in 2000 from events occuring in 1998!!! Totally out of date! Useless!! Wondering why it is still for sale. The author, contacted by email responded but did not address the questions asked, simply giving excuses and mentioning that he wrote another book much better than this one... Outrageaous! Spread the word and if you own the book, get your money back 
This book is filthy. I had to take a shower after I read it. Why doesn't he get a job? Why does he have to live in France? Why doesn't he save his money instead of investing it in alcohol and hookers? So many questions. People just think this book deserves a place on the same shelf as say James Michenier because it was banned. It was banned because it's a bad book 
This is a kids book. First few had my attention but since then its getting worse with each book. 
I have to agree with Stephen Haines. This guy drags in everything but the kitchen sink. He makes Boehme a Gnostic, the troubadors, the Knights Templar, William Blake, the Masons, Jung, and finally, any physicist worth his salt. I mean, some of these folks might not have been orthodox in their Christian practice, but being heterodox does not make one a Gnostic. How did he forget Meister Eckhart, and Sabbatai Tzvi? If he has Boehme as a Gnostic, then these also are Gnostic. He never distinguishes between Gnosticism as a group of sects, and gnostic practice, which pervades Kabbalah, Sufism,etc. This is just not a good book 
Like everyone of you, I am crazy about my toddler. I got this book and the book of Wendy S. Masi' Toddlers Play. The comarison: day and night. Kuffners book might have 365 activities, but it really bad organized. I am a first time parent, so I need some help/guidance; thsi is why I baught this bbok. There is nothing to guide me on which activity is for what age group, so I don't know if an activity is for 18 months or 24 or 12 months- ie amI challenging my toddler, am I boring him or amI providing him with the right fun activity for his age??? Some of the activities are too obvious- it seems like the author wrote down anything she could think of just to fill in 365 activities in the bookl and there is you see the author's luck of creativity and/or knowledge of the subject. Also the descriptiosn are very brief with limited illustrations. I really don't understand why anyone will give 5 stars to this book. I don't care about the money I spent for the book. I care that I ended up with something that I can not really use to provide my toddler with fun. For that reason I strongly recommend the othe rbook (Wendy S. Masi's book). Yes it has 100 instea dof 365 activities, but it is colorfull, easy and pleasant to read and each activity is marked by an ege indicator. Look at the 'look inside' of both these books and you will see what I mean. Good luck + have lost of fun with your toddler(s)!! 
I received a book that I didn't even order. The one I ordered is yellow and white ( 3th edition). THis isn't the one I ordered; therefore, I need a refund.I sent the book back and I know the seller received it on 8/19 
The very title for the book - "I Con" - despite its cleverness, should reveal the lack of any objectivity, or class for that matter, from the authors, Jeffrey S. Young William L. Simon. I could best describe this book as a shoddy pastiche of ambiguous-sounding facts, poor research, colored by a palpable disdain for [arguably the most interesting legend of our time] Steve Jobs. What is really distasteful is that this antipathy of the authors towards Steve Jobs, seems 'personal'; which, in a democratic sense, may be alright i guess, [but only] UNTIL facts begin to wear thin, and the research seems doctored, leaving the rants sounding hollow, unsavory and shrill. And the facts aren't well-strung together either! From the very opening description in the book, which overdramatizes and harps on about the return of a "reformed" Steve Jobs, to Apple in 1997 (as though the most unfathomably impossible phenomenon in the history of humankind had occurred), to the careful selection of maliciously undertoned quotations, and quite often blatant slanders about Jobs, the book appears to be a collation of 'hate diaries' maintained by two wannabe authors, whose sole purpose in writing this book seems to be to fuel an anti-Steve sentiment among its readers! If you happen to be one of those people, who finds some twisted pleasure in those idle conversations that involve scandalmongering [especially Steve Jobs], then this book should provide ample fuel for your negative energy 
After reading this book and reading the Amazon.com readers' reviews to this book, it is evident that there are "White-readers" who do not understand hooks' point and the basic notion and theory behind racism. My suggestion is that if you are white, you should explore the topics of racism, power, and class before attempting to understand the depths of which hooks is writing 
The Hellion Bride is the second book in Bride Series. I love Ryder and Sophie and the joy of meeting other characters from The Sherbrooke Bride. I kept turning the pages to find out their secrets. Deceptive and abusive uncle Theo as well as murder scenes make the story more thrilling and a suspense. The Virgin Bride also comes in handy and she is an angel rather than a ghost for she always is encouraging and very nice. Sinjun pleasantly spices up the whole story. I can't wait any longer to read her own story The Heiress Bride 
This is a sci-fi novel about the end of the world. Every single adult on the planet died. THere are a couple of kids living in a house alone. So begins the Fire-Us trilogy, fascinating, scary, and intriguing. The story is really interesting - I mean slap in your face, give-me-more, I LOVE THIS intersting. A couple of the images were really disturbing, though, like the fact that Hunter had to move the skeletons out of his way at the supermarket. The kids in the story are fascinating, and the Teacher's scarpbook-thing was so . . . wierd that it was actually kind of scary. Then Angerman is introduced. He's really messed up, but I get the idea that he knows something about the virus (Fire-us) that the others don't. This makes him an amazing character, and even if you don't like the story its worth reading the sequel just to find out what happens to him and his battered dummy. I really love this series, though some of the descriptions might be a little too much for younger readers. Well worth anyone who is into sci-fi and apocalypse, as I was at the time. P.S. I read this book five months ago and I still remember all of the characters and their names and quirks. Talk about powerful writing 
I was extremely disappointed by this book/pamphlet, being misled by the other favorable reviews. It is completely lacking in information. It has 51 6"x8" pages with huge font and too many cartoons. It successfully defines what is good and bad posture, but does not provide excercises to improve it (it simply states to "practice" good posture). There are much much better alternatives. I have read "Posture Alignment" and recommend that, and have heard of great reviews for "Posture, Get It Straight!" 
I would first like to start by saying that The Picture of Dorian Gray is, by far, one on my favorite novels. And were I not slightly dissapointed with this particular edition of the novel I would have given it 5 stars, without a doubt. It is a fabulous story, I would recommend it to anyone. [As a small sidenote -- I would simply like to say that Wilde's particular style of writing is one which I do, in general, find rather enjoyable.]I have heard some people say that they found this book diffucult to muddle through. I was not one of these people. Also, The other stories in this book are not bad at all. I enjoyed The Happy Prince quite thoroughly. - *note this particular "fairy tale" was very reminiscent of Hans Christian Anderson's writings. THE FLAW(S)! I blame the editor for this one -- this book, as far as I have been able to find, does not include the alternate(slightly more drawn-out) ending to this novel. I was, needless to say, a little upset by this missing detail. (If I have merely overlooked this extended ending, by all means let me know) ANOTHER SMALL FLAW - If you have not read the book DO NOT, i repeat DO NOT, begin by reading the AUTHORS NOTE. Although the authors note was very insightful and generally enjoyable to read - it easily gives away more than half the plot. The authors note is a spoiler -- BEWARE. Overall , still a great novel. Not so happy with the editor 
I am admittedly a terrible cook, so I follow recipes to the letter, often with nonmagical results. With Julia Child in my kitchen, however, things are looking up! Her recipe for roast chicken was so exact that even I could not mess it up. That and the sauteed beef steaks are now my go-to dinners because they are easy and reliable. I've also had great success with the quiche and biscuit recipes and look forward to trying breadmaking for the first time. This book is essential for anyone out on his or her own for the first time, newlyweds, or people like me who just don't get it (but really want to) 
My 60s something father gave me this book. I am a 45-year-old middle-class man with a 6-year-old son using my wife's account. I don't understand for whom this book is written. It is full of painfully obvious advice such as "Don't play with your food" or "Do not throw golf clubs... in anger." Anyone raised in America (presuming that is the author's intended audience) who doesn't already understand these things and take them to heart isn't going to be interested in reading about them in a book, if they can even read. Chapter 15 deals with Staring and differences where the author admonishes: "Do not repeat racist, sexist or ethnic jokes or tolerate them in your presence." If you were not a racist you would obviously already understand and agree with this. If you are, this book isn't going to change your attitude and you would probably want to burn it. I found this book useless for any reasonably sophisticated person unless you happen to be from a third world country or another planet. If the book was intended to teach good manners to the unsophisticated, dream on! I think the author has a Professor Henry Higgins Jones. I am also concerned about my father's opinion of me, I mean "Do not expect a child to endure a lengthy shopping trip unless it is to a toy or candy store." Duh 
Like most great diplomatic moments, successes and failures alike, decades will pass before anything approaching a full history of the Camp David debacle can appear. Even then, disagreements on the apportionment of blame will likely continue on for decades after. Given the wide interest in the Israeli-Arab conflict and the complex nature of the negotiations, new works exploring the crucial climax at Camp David remain welcome. Some dismiss Mr. Swisher's work because he was not in fact part of the negotiating team, but instead was responsible at Camp David only for negotiations. That seems to me unfair. Clayton Swisher clearly did considerable "leg work" to prepare this text; sadly both his rather obvious bias and almost juvenile desire to settle scores renders what could have been an important work at best suspect. Mr. Swisher's book follows on the heels of Dennis Ross's interesting "The Missing Peace" and, given Mr. Ross's direct involvement in the negotiations; no one could be blamed for looking at other works as well. However, Mr. Swisher spends much of his time looking to lay the blame at Mr. Ross's feet, even when he makes claims that others at Camp David, many more central then Mr. Swisher directly contradict his statements. Much for example is made in this work of Mr. Ross's change of "municipal Jerusalem" to "greater Jerusalem" in a draft as if this caused the breakdown of the agreement. Unfortunately, Ross's change in fact was a return to an earlier draft after being changed by Robert Malley, a member of the US team and now often a talking head representing the Palestinian point of view, who made the alteration without consulting any of the parties. Malley has never denied this. Moreover, days would pass before the negotiations actually broke down. Swisher's target, perhaps seeking to sell books by putting forward a contradictory point of view, shifts the blame wherever he can to Israel and the US negotiating team. While such an effort might well be reasonable, Mr. Swisher often twists facts, making excuses for Palestinian gaffs while blowing minor facts out of all proportion. For example, Mr. Swisher brushes aside the days lost when Mr. Arafat and the Palestinian team insisted that Jews had no historic link to Jerusalem or the Temple Mound -- a position farcical on its face -- as mere posturing. However, he never mentions that such ideas, undermining the Jewish people very claim to the Land, serve only to inflame the parties and make agreement almost impossible. Nor does Swisher ever consider the Palestinians failure to negotiate in good faith, treating every Israeli offer simply as a new base line, rather than offering any proposals of their own. Again, even Robert Malley concedes that this disingenuous strategy by the Palestinians likely doomed Camp David from the start. Swisher's dismissal of all Israeli concerns reaches a crescendo when he simply casts aside as silly Israel's interest and the Palestinian's refusal of any compromise for the so-called "right of return," or the claim that all Palestinian who left the area of modern Israel and all their descendants must have a right immigrate to Israel, a right held by no other people. As to the simple fact that this would lead to the destruction of the Jewish State and that the Palestinians are thus expecting Israel to commit national suicide, on this problem Mr. Swisher remains silent. Lastly, one cannot help but marvel at Mr. Swisher's odd coverage of the events after Camp David. That Yasser Arafat led a bloody war against Israel rather than offering an alternative proposal for peace is dismissed. Mr. Swisher combs through events searching for, magnifying, and twisting any event that will make Israel look bad, while at the same time minimizing or even ignoring the waves of suicide terrorists who have murdered hundreds of Israeli civilians in cold blood. Mr. Swisher even parrots points of Palestinian propaganda so thoroughly disproved that even Palestinian leaders no longer mention them, such as the claim of massacres during Israeli operations in Jenin, which exhaustive study long ago proved to be nothing more than a fabrication. Curiosity will cause readers to ask why Mr. Swisher takes this extremely biased view. Fortunately, he lays out his rather simplistic point of view at the very beginning of the book by writing the following, "The primary reason for Arab and Muslim anger against America has been and remains unbridled support for Israel's oppression of the Palestinians." Again, one can only muse as to why Mr. Swisher does not take Osama bin Laden at his word when he spoke shortly after 9/11 that his hatred manifests from the presence of American Christian soldiers in the heart of Islamic holy lands like Saudi Arabia and later Iraq. Surely neither the bombings in Madrid or more recently in London had anything to do with Israel, but it seems for Mr. Swisher's simplistic world view, it is at the door step of the Jewish state where all blame is to be laid. 
You want to read a horror story? This is it. This is the shameful way our government dealt with AIDS in the first six years it appeared in the country- by doing nothing at all. EVERYONE ignored it. The CDC, the NIH, the National Cancer Institute, it was ignored by everyone but a handful of scientists and doctors, and they were ignored too. Over 2000 gay men (and hemophiliacs, and straight people, and babies) died before the government even acknowleged that yes, something new was going around. Newspapers and media did not report this, because it was too embarrassing talking about how it was a "gay disease." Gay men didn't want to discuss that it "might" be spread through sex, and the ideas of shutting down the bathhouses and losing that little bit of hard-won liberation was unthinkable. Blood banks wouldn't even ACKNOWLEGE the fact that their products were contaminated, even after it was PROVEN that transfusion AIDS was possible and happening. By the time President Reagan FIRST uttered the word AIDS, over 25,000 Americans were dead from the disease. This book made me cry. The entire way through it, I wanted to scream, I wanted to throw things, I wanted to hit people until they realized that gay people deserve to live too. A university official that was denying AIDS researchers desperately needed funding had the nerve to actually remark, "Well, at least AIDS is getting rid of a lot of undesirable people." How absolutely disgusting. This is a dauntingly large book- 621 pages of reading, all of it frustrating, angering, scream-inducing, and yet, still inspiring. They didn't give up. No one threw in the towel until their last breath, or until funding, sufficient funding, was finally granted. Sadly, the author himself died of AIDS in 1994. God bless everyone who worked so hard to make AIDS a household word, which finally happened, oh, about SEVEN STINKING YEARS after it first started killing people in the US. What the heck is wrong with this country? Why did people have their heads in the sand for so long? What's so stinking WRONG with us? Another book everyone should read, if only to know how our government helped spread AIDS around the world by ignoring it for six damn years. How many people did they kill by doing that? Far, far too many. We were the last civilized nation to institute an AIDS education/prevention program. This book made me dislike the bureaucracy of this country even more, and I didn't think that was possible. God bless everyone who is working to make life better for people with AIDS 
Reading WAR AND PEACE is an immense undertaking, which has less to do with page numbers and more to do with addressing some very fundamental questions about what it means to be human. The first time that I read it, I read it as a novel, for entertainment. Years later, I picked it up again but this time my task was more ambitious. I sought to know how Tolstoy could justify the ways of God to man. During this second reading, I was able to examine the Russian names, characters, events, and historical occurrences which occupied me the first time through. What I saw was that each of the hundreds of individuals was very much linked to the concluding Epilog, which I scanted then but studied now. Most readers of WAR AND PEACE find this part heavy going, which it certainly is, but in it, Tolstoy creates a key for unlocking the reasons who we are and why we do things the way we do. In essence, each human being is like an atom of gas floating in space, with one atom colliding at random with another, but when a sufficient number act in concert, such as Napoleon's invasion of Russia, their force is irresistable. When Tolstoy introduces world leaders like Napoleon or the Tsar, he does so in such a way as to depict them as no more than one more free floating atom, who can not see the Big Picture any more clearly than anyone else can. The tragic decisions of these misguided leaders are based on a collective illusion that they and they alone can use divinely inspired reason to affect lasting change. But when human beings act as if they acknowledge that their powers of reason are both limited and self-deluding--as when General Kutuzov relies on looking inward toward instinct rather than outward toward other circling and equally misguided atoms, then they are drawing closer to a universal "one" with nature. This "one" Tolstoy invests with religious overtones as synonymous with God. Tolstoy does not say that human beings are preprogrammed robots held in thrall by that "one" or any other deity, but he does say that history, time, and man are all part of a universal flow that swoops along all in its path, and that if any intelligent atom wishes to know which way the flow is likely to go, then he might wish to emulate General Kutuzov, who at least knows that humbleness in the face of chaos is the first step in finding a rational basis for who we are and where we are going. 
It's an easy read and can be applied immediately to you situation. The book brings the basics of leadership traits and principles to the reader similar to the military leadership books I've read in the USMC. So many times have I held jobs where a manager, although excellent in managing projects, through some lack of sensitity or judgement created an uproar that cause moral to fall and people to become resentful and leave. There are many stories in the press of managers and CEOs restricting "bathroom breaks", playing favorites, freezing wages and laying off employees while taking huge "bonuses" like American Airlines and ENRON. What's present here is basic but essential information for anyone in a leadership roll whether at work, church functions, or managing a family trip. This should be required reading for everyone BEFORE you find yourself in a situation as leader. The boss could be out for a whole month tommorrow. Can you keep the team working smoothly while the boss is out or is it party time 
Beautiful vineyards, fueding families, mystery, and an unlikely love story with a twist. Great read. Prepare to read this one through because it was hard to put down!!! 
For those looking to dig deeper into the nuances of the C language, this is an excellent book! It has given me a better understanding of C that is helping me design better C code. A must have 
Deadly feasts: tracking the secrets of a terrifying new plague by Richard Rhodes is one scary book. It tracks the discovery of prions, the mishapen proteins responsible for mad cow disease, scrapie, and Creutzfeldt Jacob disease. Following human cannibals in the jungles of New Guinea in the fifties, bovine cannibals of the British Isles in the eighties, and the bizarre history of sheep scrapie from the 17th century on, Rhodes does a great job of presenting the history and discovery of this bizarre group of diseases. I especially enjoyed the characterizations of the scientists, from the Noble Laureate who so enjoyed the New Guinea that he often regretted rejoining civiliziation, yet brought thirty natives back to the USA and helped them through school, to the hyper-competitive scientist who named the molecules even though he wasn't quite certain what they were. But this isn't just a story of scientific discovery. As the foreboding subtitle blares, Rhodes explores some of the scarier aspects of prions. These include spontaneous formation, responsible for the known early cases of Creutzfeldt Jacob disease, trans-species infection, including mad cow disease and scrapie, the long long incubation period and lack of immune system response, and hardiness of the disease. One scary factoid: a scientist took a sample of scrapie, froze it, baked it for an hour at 360 degrees (celsius), and was able to re-infect other animals from this sample. For all the uneasiness this book inspires, it certainly doesn't offer any answers. A condemnation of industrial agriculture, a warning that it's unknown whether vegetarians are even safe, and a caution against using bone meal for your flower garden do not make a recipe for handling this issue. To be fair, it was printed in 1997--perhaps things are under control now. 
I was disappointed in this book--especially after reading the other stellar reviews (which are all, weirdly, from Texas, where the author lives). When it's a book about logic and clear thinking, a reader expects that book to be free of typographical errors, imprecise logic, and muddled thinking. Needless to say, I almost put the book down after reading the introduction because of the missing words and typographical errors. Exampe from page 11: "Because the real is out there, we must effectively with it...." Here's another gem from the same page: "I am sorry to have to tell you that fact, but that is the way things are. That is the nature of nature. That is the reality of reality." Look at page 33. The author states, "Why when one exception is uncovered, multiple other exceptions surface almost right away is not entirely clear.... Probably this has something to do with the way we humans view reality." Very disappointing--hasn't this author studied any cognitive psychology? It's called confirmation bias and it's entirely clear. One more example! On page 60, the author states that Barbara Boxer, a senator from California, "doesn't know the difference between a revolver and a semiautomatic pistol" and is "unlikely to shed intelligent light on the relative safety of either gun." Ouch. How does he know what Barbara Boxer knows or doesn't know? She's actually very well-versed on the difference between the two; has he heard her speak on the subject? It comes across as more of an ad hominem attack than anything. Anyway, save your money on this book and instead buy Jamie Whyte's CRIMES AGAINST LOGIC. Now that's a well-written book! 
While the author rehashes some basic business writing theory, she consistently fails to follow her own rules: - The text is full of fluff - The style is flippant instead of useful - The lecture style puts you to sleep There are much better books on the subject. A textbook approach is necessary for this subject. Not this dopey-run-on-crap. 
The book was specific to one particular model of BlackBerry. They should have that in the title. It was of no use to me. After five minutes, I set it aside to gather dust. 
If you are a gourmet chef this book may be far too basic for you but it is great for a beginner like me. I have two kids under the age of two and have been able to cook a decent meal from this cookbook every night for the past month that I have owned it. My husband has been very impressed with my new found cooking abilities and all but one of the meals I have fixed has been good. I would recommend this book to anyone who has lost faith that they can ever cook well 
When I picked up this book I had high expectations,seeing that it had received good reviews.It opened quite spectacularly as well, on a rather surreal note.But as I read on, I couldn't help wondering what the point was in this rather incoherent, rambling tale.The book seemed like a sloppy, haphazard collection of incidents that didn't make much sense or assist character development. The central character herself was unbelievable and I found it impossible to identify with her or understand her actions or even sympathise with her plights.It seems to me that the writer had tried too hard to create a hip,cutting edge story and the end product was strained and gimmicky. Some incidents were quite mirth-provoking, however,that's why I gave it two stars 
Rather than reading a biography of Red Auerbach, Wilt Chamberlain and Bill Russell, turn to this period book! Here you get everything: a complete portrayal of the situation of African American who were just starting to segregate professional sports outside of the Brooklyn Dodgers. But at the same time it is an introduction to a time, when athletes were not the superstars of today. On top of that, you get enough biographcal information on Russell and Chamberlain, but also on Cousy, Auerbach and many others. The book is very well written and starts right with information, no tedious introduction to plough through 
How does she do it? This will forever be one of my favorite books. Reading about the astoundingly crazy life Mary Karr had as a child made me wonder how her sense of humor could be so sharp and perfect and still get across the sadness and pathos without making me feel bad or hopeless. Nor did I feel that she was in a hopeless situation. It always seemed as though there were morsels of goodness somewhere to be found. A profoundly inspiring book. I only hope I can be as resourceful and resilient 
As a Visual Arts student coming to terms with the whole conceptual ideology in contemporary art, I found this book an excellent choice for delving into the theoretical side of contemporary photgraphy. This book is definitely not bedtime reading. Trust me, I tried it and kept myself awake! There is also an excellent reference to archives, journals and other books to peruse. I found the book easy to understand and has helped me immensely in my quest to understand what constitutes Visual Art in current times. An excellent choice for all those contemplating a Visual Arts career using photographic image 
Ordinary Joy reminds you that God is in fact all around you in your ordinary living if you just take a break from all the hustle and bustle and truly appreciate His beauty. Joe Campeau uses personal illustrations that we can relate to, and in turn, relates them to the teachings of Jesus. On a personal note, my own faith has waivered for quite some time that after taking a "closer look," I am rediscovering God's presence in my life and I know that, no matter what, "the sun will shine tomorrow and I will be kissed by Son again and again and it can never be wiped away." Peace and JOY 
Angus Konstam's HISTORY OF PIRATES uses works from the Mariners' Museum in Virginia to provide a powerful visual impact. Piracy from ancient to modern times is surveyed in a series of maps, images, and discussions that cover specific events, regions, and pirates. Plenty of historical and political background to the events place each in perspective and provide an excellent survey of mariner events of the times. There are other pirate histories on the market - but none with the commitment to visuals of HISTORY OF PIRATES. 
I have bought many books in my life, but Randy Gage's "Why You're Dumb, Sick and Broke" is the first time I ever bought a book with a parental advisory warning for explicit language. Gage does things a little differently than anyone else, which is something I quickly discovered when reading this book. This book is brash, to the point and filled with insight and inspiration. I thought that Gage presented his points in a well thought out manner that really took the establishment on head on. Many points presented in the book are in other personal development books. However, I don't know of any book that has all these points in one book. Even Gage himself admits in an interview that this is a combination of Think and Grow Rich, The Secret, Ayn Rand and several other books and cd's. A lot of it you have heard before, like if you say you are broke, then you will always be broke. However, I didn't realize how much the mainstream media and the political establishment are contributing to our negative, broke thoughts. Most frightening of all, I learned why the establishment needs us to be broke in order to keep their power. I am taking Randy's lead and watching less TV, especially the news. That's the worst of all! There is also a nice introduction to Libertarianism and the works of Ayn Rand. As a Libertarian myself, I was delighted to see this included in the book. With recent reports circulating about Britain on the verge of becoming a police state, this warning about big government couldn't have come at a more appropriate time. As expected, Randy does make a plug for MLM, but this is by no means an MLM book. The MLM plug is just a few short pages. However, it is still a nice resource for MLM people to use for third party credibility. He also mentioned real estate and information marketing as good businesses as well. I must be smart, healthy and rich, as I am already involved in all three. I found myself nodding in agreement to this book. I also found a lot of places where I was thinking, "Oh, I'm not the only one who this this way. Why hasn't this been mentioned before in the press?" Other times, I thought, "Oh my god, I am being really manipulated here." While he was "preaching to the choir" with me, I'm sure that many people with more "mainstream" views will feel more challenged reading this book. Bottom line, if you love MLM get 10 copies of this book, if you support the Libertarians, get 10 copies of this book. If you are like me and love them both, get 25 copies. About the author Carlos Scarpero is the host of the Network Marketing Minute podcast and the creator of the Success Duplicator downline building system. [... 
I find it difficult to rate and review parenting books with such specific agendas, such as The Continuum Concept. I fear that alone this book would render a nervous, new mother terrified of failure! I am wary of books that pretend there is only one way to raise every child. That said, I adore text that encourages instinctual, intuitive parenting. Coupled with the dozens of other parenting guides I have read (from all spectrums), The Continuum Concept is a very valuable book. 
You probably know Joel Siegel from his enthusiastic movie reviews on Good Morning America. But do you know the rest of the story? Here's a chance to find out. Mr. Siegel became a father for the first time at age 54, and his son, Dylan, was born on the day Mr. Siegel finished chemotherapy for colorectal cancer. That cancer later spread to his lungs, and two more cancer surgeries and treatments followed. Mr. Siegel's marriage did not last, but his love for Dylan did. Realizing that his chances of living to see Dylan grow up are limited, Mr. Siegel decided to write down all of the wonderful things he wanted to share with Dylan over the next few decades . . . but might not be able to. The result is a touching memoir with a heart that will cause you to shed more than an occasional tear while appreciating Mr. Siegel's love for his son. Mr. Siegel writes well, has had many interesting experiences, and retains his sense of wonder. He is open about many of his faults (which have led to failed marriages), but remains cautiously optimistic . . . and careful. Dedicating the material to his son makes the memoir more personal and meaningful than almost any other memoir that I have read. Anyone with an open heart would enjoy and benefit from this book. If you are like me, you expected to mainly hear about the movies . . . and you will. But there's much more in the book about Mr. Siegel's family, Jewish heritage (there's even a Yiddish dictionary with hilarious definitions), illnesses, past marriages, and advice for Dylan. The show business stories are almost all ones that I had not heard before, and will reward those who are primarily looking for this feature. Although you might think these are only about the movies, he also was a music critic and got to know the Beatles in the early days. I was particularly interested by Mr. Siegel's first-hand accounts of working for civil rights in the South, helping with Bobbie Kennedy's campaign, and how he helped his wife, Jane, with her fatal illness. One of the thoughts you will have as you read this book is how you would write a parallel one for either your children or your grandchildren to play the same role in sharing knowledge and love across the generations. I hope you will read this book and feel inspired to either transmit your own lessons in your own way . . . or to create the book you want to share with your descendants. In any case, keep a hanky handy! 
If Julia Glass had not set the bar so high with Three Junes, I would have given the book 3 stars instead of 2. There are sentences, paragraphs, even pages of brilliance in this book, but it is as if winning the National Book Award gave Ms. Glass unconditional confidence in her writing, and character development in particular. She seemed out of touch with the major demographics the narrative slings around. As another reviewer wrote, the writing process seemed transparant. Reading the book, you get the feeling that the characters are what Ms. Glass (a privileged white woman of a certain age) imagines teenagers, or New Mexicans, or black chauffeurs, or Hispanic nannies, or even gay people to be like. She is like a tourist who voyeuristically delights in other cultures without really understanding them. The teenagers and the Santa Fe inhabitants are the most painful examples of caricatures. Greenie might be the most believable, and although I understood why she was falling out of love with her gloomy Alan, I wasn't sucked along with her when she falls in love with "the other Charlie". He was only very mildly interesting and certainly not worth (even temporarily) losing your child over. With Saga, she manages to develop her most sympathetic character, but Saga's life is left floating and unresolved at the end. Even the brief appearance of Fenno, who I loved in Three Junes, lacked intensity and seemed gimmicky. All and all, a very disappointing second novel. You have to wonder, since most reviewers are pointing out all of the same problems with character, what good is her editor? 
Over the years I managed a staff, I grew concerned about the ignorance of basic business behavior among employees. Asking a new staff member to read a book like this might head off some future conflicts. Worth a try... maybe even highlight some sections that you feel are most important 
I loaned my copy of Dr. Streicher's book to my mother who thought she may need a hysterectomy. My mother reported that Dr. Streicher's book had information on topics she couldn't find elsewhere -- even about laparoscopic procedures which she hadn't heard about before. Dr. Streicher's book helped educate my mother so that she was an informed patient and knew what questions to ask her own doctor. Fortunately, it was determined that my mother did not need to have a hyesterectomy. My only problem with this book is getting my copy back from my mother. I may need to purchase a new one. I think it is a "must-have" for any woman 40+ -- even for men whose partners/spouses/girlfriends are facing this 
"Lords of the Earth" is the term the Yali warriors use to describe themselves. They live in the Heluk valley in Irian Jaya, and the only knowledge of them to reach the outside world are the dark rumors of the cannibals beyond the mountains. The first section of the book is about them, their customs, and the awful fear and darkness they lived in. Don Richardson does a great job portraying a people bound by chains of sin, and longing for release. The horror of their pain is graphic, and not suitable to be read to younger children. The second part of the book describes the early life of Stan Dale, his conversion, and his burden for those in darkness. He is drawn as a determined man, physically strong and fit, with firm convictions. The book goes on to tell of Stan's coming to the Yali people. How a strange story begins over his identity, protecting his life. How the first few Yali Christians were killed, and later Stan and a fellow missionary were brutally murdered. How another missionary family died in a plane crash, except for the nine-year-old son, whose friendship with the Yali paves the way for them to turn to Christ. The book reminded me Christ's words in John 12:24, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone: but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit." On earth, Stan Dale never saw the fruit his life and death brought forth, but he will rejoice in heaven with the Yali that are there through his witness. 
I consider myself an optimist and insightful person, but somehow managed to miss many of Postrel's insights. She gives me even more hope that the future is going to be more wonderful than I previously thought. She does keep that hope in check, though, by talking about the enemies of the future- primarily protectionists and those that see free trade as a threat, instead of the blessing that it is. She thoroughly destroys the notion that 'there is nothing new under that sun'. While the universe, therefore our earth, is necessarily finite, we misunderstand this finiteness because we misunderstand the different combinations things can be arranged in. For example, a deck of cards has only 52 cards, but the number of combinations you can put the cards into is 52x51x50x49x...x3x2x1, which is a number larger than the number of particles in the universe! So whenever you shuffle a deck of cards, you can rest assured, that that is probably the one and only time that arrangement of cards will ever be in existence... ever. People are so inventive and creative and always looking for new things. Obviously, there will always be new things. Every time someone declares that we are nearing the end of history, science, technology, etc. it's safe to say they have no idea what they are talking about. We need to let people be as creative and as inventive as they can. It will only make our lives better, on the whole. There will always be setbacks, but as long as people can think, we will always find a way to make out of those setbacks. The book is a stunning, intelligent look at modern life. I liked it so much, I bought The Substance of Style, which is, yet, another insightful look at modern life. 
A friend going through the same problems as I am was strongly recommended this book by her therapist and she bought it for me, as well. I was enthusiastic to read it and at least understand these emotions. If I could actually use the information to help myself, all the better. I was warned that the beginning was a bit slow and hard to get through, so I struggled through it, expecting it to get easier to read. It didn't. It's been sitting by my bed for months with the bookmark at page 104 and I'm really sorry because I'm sure that the contents are useful and interesting, but I just can't get past that page 104. I normally refuse to leave a book half unread, but this just has to be an exception because every time I pick it up I fall asleep within 3 or 4 pages. I agree with some of the previous reviewers that there is way too much emphasis on the actual workings of the meetings. I feel like I'm watching a video of it, as every minimal thing is described in incredible detail. But I wanted to read this book to understand the views and conclusions of the group, not to become an expert on the tea breaks they had. Also, I felt lost as the scientific tests they had previously carried out were explained in such detail, I ended up having to skim over some sections. This may be a great resource for those who have great patience and/or a scientific background, but too much for a regular Joe like me 
Robin Williams used to tell a joke about his son, saying that whenever he got angry with him his son would say 'you hit me and I'll write a book.' I'd like to tell you that there is some deeper meaning behind Peggy Salinger's memior about life with her father, but it seems to more or less boil down to that same idea. Although there are some interesting revelations about Salinger as a man, his daughter doesn't seem to appreciate that many of the problems she faced in her youth were not neccessarily unique to being the daughter of JD Salinger, they're the problems that children of divorce and children who live in rural areas face everyday. There's a lot of blame thrown around here, and not a whole lot of admitting to one's own mistakes. Although this is probably to be expected, it's still frustrating, since Margaret Salinger has more or less made a career out of trading on her father's good name, and since many of her chief complaints about her famous father are largely hypocritical. (Complaining about your father's desire for privacy but refusing to mention the name of your first husband was probably a bad idea.) I admit that her father is probably not as nice a guy as you think he would be, but this is not really a revelation, nor should it affect your feelings about his work. I wouldn't recommend reading it unless your working on a thesis of some sort 
Leaving aside the fact that the author lied through his teeth (e.g. he never actually studied Hwa Rang Do - he offered the Lee brothers some ink and they gave him a faked history) this stuff is about as inefficient as any stick fighting book I've ever seen. Try Marinas' Panandata, Mark Wiley, the Presas brothers, Leo Giron or Ray Galang for stick stuff. You'll be much better off 
If your into Hendrix enough to want to find out more about Electric Ladyland, your probably already going to know everything in this book. If you've read such great Hendrix books such as 'Electric Gypsy' then you won't get much from this book other than information obtained that you've read before from 'Electric Gypsy' coloured in this authors opinion on Jimi's music. The author lays down his opinion that reads like someone either not overly impressed by Jimi Hendrix, or someone that has trouble laying praise where it's due. The author makes big calls in this book which fall flat, for example expressing his view on how Jimi could of edited and recorded certain songs better in his opinion (not unlike like Alan Douglas made true) or ego trips like footnotes after mentioning 'Like A Rolling Stone' at Monterey can only be outdone by the rare hard to find Flamingo Club version in 1968 - where does he get that from? The Flamingo club version is near inaudiable for most of the recording with its vocals and the guitar very distorted at the very least and is no way a superior rendition than Monterey but the book has many little comments by the author like that which only makes you think, is this guy trying to brag about his Hendrix collection? Or does he just have to have a different opinion on everything to try and make his book, which really has nothing new, stand out from the pack? His opinions would be valid if he didn't try to go against the grain to just go against the grain! If you've ever heard or seen Jimi at Monterey you don't need to be told how so many people thought he played crap that night - the evidence that this is one of his greatest performances is right there on CD or on the screen as you watch it which just makes bringing up that negative side without balancing it with the many rave reviews he also got seem targeted. Why point out the bad things and not mention the good? If you want to learn the technical side of the recording or the technical side of Hendrix, you won't learn it from this book. You'll get the classic Hendrix bio for most of it with this Authors strange comments, some bad reviews for Electric Ladyland to show Hendrix was human after all i guess and an author bringing up all his 'friends' and 'visits' to people that are well documented in knowing Jimi. All in all, if you have no opinion on Hendrix and read this you probably won't think he's that great and get a distorted opinion on him, if you love Hendrix and read this you'll wonder why this Author bothered to write a book about Jimi in the first place other than to let us know he has so many friends that knew Jimi, was lucky enough to see him play a few times and the funniest of all, could of done some things better in his opinion. Two stars because there's many books out there with much more information about Electric Ladyland, let alone Hendrix, that aren't trying to re-write Jimi's history from one person's perspective and critique thou it's cheap and quite funny if you have a big Hendrix library anyway. 
I have spent my life wishing that I could change things over which I seemed to have no control. Rob explains that the reason for this is that my subconscious mind is holding on to old beliefs that are limiting me. He goes on to tell how PSYCH-K is a safe, powerful, and simple way to change those beliefs using balances that integrate the hemispheres of the brain. It is prayer coming true for me quickly and lastingly. I have followed up reading the book by taking the Basic and Advanced training workshops and am using PSYCH-K to find "peace" in my life and am helping others do the same in theirs. This book is written so that it is easy to read and very informative for someone like me who is looking for ways to improve their life 
Normally, I find it hard to put a Sue Grafton book down once I get started. Not the case with "S". I did not enjoy the plot about Violet and her abusive husand. The main character Violet was too much of a stereotype - boobs, red hair, just a boozing slut over all. I didn't get the whole thing about her brother and why he disliked her. The ending wasn't clear either. I did like the development of the relationships with the young girls exposing jealousy and how it ruined relationships over several decades. Most of the characters just weren't that interesting overall. I missed her interactions with Rosie the restaurant owner and her neighbor, the handsome 80 year old baker Henry. Usually, there is an interesting man in the picture too - not here. I would vote pass on this one. 
The book claims to help you: 1. Say goodbye to aching joints, sagging skin and fatigue 2. Improve the quality and function of the genetic material in your cells 3. Ramp up your body's self-repair functions 4. Increase your stamina, endurance and sex drive 5. Dramatically improve your resistance to disease, including cancers 6. Have more youthful, radiant skin You don't need to be a cynic to be able to tell that the claims are all inflated. Sure, you'll see some improvement if you have been leading a very unhealthy lifestyle, but for those of us who are already exercising regularly and eating a relatively healthy diet, some of the tips on progressing further to "genetic repair" will sound a bit too good to be true. In fact, most of the advice and recommendations given in the book are not very different from that found in many other books on nutrition and supplement. The authors just gave all the info a "DNA twist". I stopped reading the book a few chapters from the end when it begins to talk about hormonal supplementation and some glowing testimonial on the author's services. All "natural"? No side effects? How long have the subjects been followed up and how long have physicians really practised hormonal therapy on otherwise healthy individuals? The results may be real, but how safe is it for the rest of subject's life? Sounds like another one of those practice-promoting books in this genre. Disappointing 
Yes, it's cliche. Yes, the plot is lifted directly from Star Wars. Yes, there are obvious references to Anne McCaffrey, Tolkien and other fantasy writers. But who cares? Eragon is, above all else, an enjoyable read. Despite underlying flaws in the writing, Paolini effectively tells a rewarding good-versus-evil story in a clearly-defined world, with a well-thought-out magic system and a realism Tolkien could never muster. Sure, Eragon has its critics (mostly aspiring writers that have not enjoyed Paolini's success), but if you can ignore their blustering and simply take the book at face value, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised. Although not as epic or impressive as some of the older fantasy works, Eragon is nonetheless, a great read 
I have read all of the Scarpetta novels through The Last Precinct, and I have never wanted hours of my life back as I did when I finished The Last Precinct. Cornwell tried to go in a new direction with her writing, and it failed. If Kay Scarpetta was a fortune teller, this book may have been alright... What I mean by that is, in at least 2-3 separate occassions in this book, Kay says "I had a feeling I knew exactly what [so in so was going to say/do to me..." Really Kay? Out of absolutely nowhere, you just believe that the unusual way Marino has been acting is due to the fact that you are going to be prosecuted by a special grand jury for homicide even though NOTHING led up to your supposed "revelation." You are truly impressive. Reading this book makes me want to steer clear of Blowfly and Trace, but then again, maybe Cornwell read some reviews and saw that she had to shape up. This book really ticked me off and I wouldn't recommend it to an enemy 
Who published these weak translations? Yup, they are on newsprint and get smudged immediately. How about using real paper? B needs to stop thinking opportunistically and start thinking about quality 
I first read passages from this book in college. I can now see how liberal professors very much enjoy using this book to influence young minds. Professor Zinn is a far left author. He uses the usual lines: America generally bad, communism generally good. Obviously Mr. Zinn has the right to write whatever he wants, and his writing style is very convincing. However, if the reader investigates the facts, many holes become visible in his theories. Those who agree and disagree with his writings should explore opposite viewpoints. A good example is "Intellectual Morons : How Ideology Makes Smart People Fall for Stupid Ideas by Daniel J. Flynn" which gives the reader a good profile of Mr. Zinn. 
Just finished reading this novel this morning and I think it is probably the weakest one of the lot. Like a lot of reviewers, I didn't find this one anywhere near as gripping or well-developed plotwise as a number of the earlier ones in the Stephanie Plum series. As well, the supposed sexual tension- love triangle between Stephanie, Joe and Ranger is approaching its use-by date. It is definitely becoming boring and I think Ms Evanovich needs to resolve Stephanie's romantic situation once and for all. I still enjoy characters like Lula and Grandma Mazur but a lot of the situations Stephanie found herself in fell flat with me. There are only so many times she can have her car blown up, handbag destroyed, apartment broken into, etc, before it becomes tiresome and repetitive. I still think there is a spark of life in the Stephanie Plum series, but I hope the next novel is a better effort and not so much by-the-numbers as this one 
I had to read this book as an assignment for a Seminary class on Leadership. I was sceptical that a children's book about witches would be applicable to a master's level college course. My scepticism was unfounded. This is a good, fun read. But, more than that, this is a story that tugs at heart strings and teaches through the trials and personalities of it's characters. I recommend it to "children" of all ages! 
This textbook is more useful for the flashy (and admittedly very good) teacher's ancillaries. But this review is not for the ancillaries. It is for the text itself. The text's treatment of proofs is very cursory and not rigorous enough. The diagrams for the algebraic problems are too confusing, compiling numerous different concepts into one problem. While I agree that students must learn to differentiate one property/theorem/rule/postulate from another, it doesn't make sense that most, instead of some, diagrams are over-complicated. Personally, I don't like the format with the examples, mainly because it downplays the necessity for students to become LITERATE in math, not just a good "example comparer." The text has little actual TEXT to speak of. I have not been teaching HS for very long, but I do not like this book. I am not a textbook dependent teacher, but I do (woefully) recognize that students have poor study skills and don't reference notes all the time. I do not teach out of the textbook and I spend many hours planning lessons, lecture notes, my own examples, etc. I had many complaints that the problems were confusing, included too many ideas at the same time, etc. Some may be successful in "teaching themselves" from the examples, but I am very disappointed that textbooks no longer have TEXT. I may be a math teacher, but I understand the importance of reading and how it helps a person to process the material. On the other hand, the teacher resources is a great set of worksheets, study masters, note taking guides, etc. Perhaps the authors spent more time on those resources instead of the text. 
I'll put my opinion first, so there won't be any doubt in your mind. I don't believe that you can write useful books about national character. Is there really such a thing as national character? People are just too different, too unpredictable. How well can you predict the behavior of the people closest to you ? How well can you predict what people in your own country will do ? Would every Italian, if they could write well, have written the same book as Mr. Barzini ? I seriously doubt it. So what we have in THE ITALIANS is one man's views on the conglomerate nature of 50 million Italians. After reading it, I felt even more strongly that such books, though possibly entertaining, are a waste of time. An informative book about unicorns--but do they exist ? Anthropologists have been concerned, for many years, in getting the inside view--the view of a culture as seen by the person within it. While Barzini is indisputable Italian, he tries to visualize Italians as seen by foreign visitors, then explain to those of us not lucky enough to travel there, why they are as visitors see them, or why they are not as foreigners may think. This is not a successful gambit. Cultures are based on many general factors--like history, socio-economic patterns, religion, family, etc.---but the specific results are just that, specific. Barzini covers many topics--the importance of spectacle and giving an illusion of something rather than actually having that quality; the family vs. the state; Italian modes of achieving success; the north-south split; Sicily and the Mafia; and last, the tragedy of Italy's long domination by foreigners. But nothing really connects. There are only superficial, scattered impressions, nothing very concrete to grasp. The reader is left with a handful of stereotypes. Barzini is at his best when describing the lives and modus operandi of particular characters in Italian history. These sections were well-written and interesting. But his portrayal of Italian character is fuzzy, contradictory, and ultimately, unconvincing. Finally, if you are a lover of lists, you will thrill to this book, because there is a list on nearly every single page. Myself, I got pretty tired of those lists. If you want to know something useful about Italy, read another book. If you just want entertainment, which might support any stereotypes you have about Italians, then this book could be for you 
A fraudulent marine biologist, whose wife is about to expose his cover-up of phosphate pollution of the Florida Everglades, tries to kill her by throwing her overboard from a cruise ship. Unknown to him she survives and haunts him to punish him. It's a wonderfully comic page-turner, although the plot runs out of steam towards the end and the practical jokes played on the would-be murderer become repetitious. A few ends are left loose. It challenged comparison with the Florida novels of Elmore Leonard, such as "Maximum Bob" and "Stick" but it does not quite live up to the master. Some of the humor contrasting weird and wacky Floridians with stolid Upper Midwesterners seemed to derive from David Barry (and Euripides, Ovid and Tasso used the maiden-rescued -from-sea-monster gimmick). I thought this was his best since "Striptease." The intervening ones have been too incoherently plotted and (although I'm a tree-hugging whale- lover myself) overloaded with environmentalist politics. Incidentally, isn't releasing alien snake species into the wild an environmental no-no? 
What fun! This hilarious book is filled with Richman's amusing culinary observations and adventures during his long and impressive career as GQ's food, wine and restaurant critic. It is the perfect winter read and holiday gift. It is witty, engaging and even touching at times. My mother said it was the only thing that made her laugh out loud during her double knee replacement rehab! I am giving this book to all my friends this year. 
I am an avid reader and have never once submitted a book review. However, after reading Botox Diaries, I felt compelled to write and warn you all that this book is dull, trite, and disjointed. I love my "chick-lit" books, but Botox Diaries is a disgrace to this genre. The plot is weak and unrealistic (even in light of the suspended disbelief one normally affords "lite fun" books). The plot is also disjointed, perhaps because two authors co-wrote this book. The characters are shallow and excruciatingly dull. Botox Diaries is absolutely the worst book I have ever read. -- December 2005 Update: My friend insisted on reading this book (ugh...despite my warnings!). Even though she was stuck in the airport for eight hours, she still couldn't bear to finish the book, because she found it so dull. She actually left it, half-read, at the airport 
I purchased this book to find out about the publishing industry and more effectively market my book. Without Mr. Kremer's Book I would have been clueless, however now I am well informed and continue to sell my book. It has been picked up for a second edition by another publisher, which was my main goal. ( I self published as a quick way to get review copies out to the public and get the book rolling)I knew the world needed my book and I needed it releasedquick. Mission accomplished. I keep 001 ways close to my side and continuously consult it as I continue my publishing journey. Highly recommended to anyone who wants to sell books and be successful and effective in the process 
...are incorrect and that his fractal models are much better. Of course if his models were worth more than the paper they're written on Mandelbrot wouldn't have to write books like this because he'd be cleaning out everyone else's wallets on the stock market. In particular, if it's true that extreme events are more unlikely than most people think then he could easily exploit this with a suitable derivative. But the fact is, Mandelbrot doesn't know anything that countless other traders don't already know. So instead Mandelbrot is forced to resort to telling people how smart he is through his books rather than actually being smart enough to make a killing on Wall Street. But I am glad I read this book. Having seen Mandelbrot 'on tour' a few years ago I developed a strong prejudice against him. But reading this book has convinced me that my prejudice is entirely justified. He can never just state a fact. Instead he always has a to phrase it as "my work shows that..." or "I demonstrated that..." even if he makes the same claim again and again. If he can try to take credit for other people's work he'll do so. He even managed to find someone to write an introduction for the book who was prepared to refer to the Levy distribution as the Mandelbrot-Levy distribution. The most egregious example of self-aggrandisement has to be the caption to a picture of the Brooks-Metelsky-Mandelbrot set where he mentions that two mathematicians only scaled part way up his 'Everest' of this set and received Fields medals for this work - the implication of course being that Mandelbrot has actually seen the view from the summit. Disgustingly he doesn't even deign to mention the names of these mathematicians. One time I criticised Mandelbrot publicly and someone responded by pointing out how many peer reviewed papers he had published so he can't be all bad. But in this book Mandelbrot actually reveals to us how he used his social network to work around the peer review system. Astonishing! I think it's also worth pointing out that there are some interesting ideas in this book and so it's not completely valueless. But I found the discussion of multifractal time methods (which make up a large part of the book) to generate plausible looking but fake price charts to be a bit pointless. I work in computer graphics and use similar methods to generate random surface detail all the time, but it doesn't mean I have a deep understanding of the statistics of random surfaces. It just means I know how to fool the eye 
Keynes was no doubt an influential economist. His theories and 'expertise' on economics influenced the post-New Deal economic policies of the United States and the internationalist wealth redistribution schemes like IMF. However, his ideas on economics failed miserably and it was application of Keynesian ideas that wrecked so much havoc on the U.S. particularly in the 1970s with the stagflation (an inflationary recession with unemployment which was theoretically impossible accordingly to Keynesism.) We have Keynes to thank for budget deficits and the nebulous idea that we can spend ourselves into prosperity through the largesse of the federal government. Read Planning for Freedom or Socialism by Ludwig von Mises instead 
He is a nightwalker, a Navaho vampire who because he is only half Nosferatu has the strength not to succumb to the allure of the dark side of his nature. He is a New Mexico state police officer who is often teamed up with beautiful FBI agent Diane Lopez who not only knows what Lee Nez is but accepts him for his good heart. Right now they are trying to infiltrate a smuggling ring made up of skinwalkers (Navaho witches) who can shape shift at night and still retain their ability to think like a human. These smugglers known as the Silver Eagles go to Mexico in animal form, meet with their suppliers, and return with silver and turquoise for jewelry suppliers who get their products at black market prices. The two cops seek to arrest humans who are part of the smuggling ring and kill the shapeshifters so they no longer can carry out their evil plans. While Diane and Lee stalk the Silver Eagles, they are hunted by a vampire who wants to kill them because they murdered her nest including her husband and brother. They remain on guard at all times because beside each other they don't know who they can trust. Once again the Thurlos provide readers their interpretation of the vampire mythos unique to the Navaho culture. Lee can stay in sunlight provided he uses sun block while his speed, strength and night vision make him a better police officer. In the Thurlos world, skinwalkers are evil creatures who must be killed; a variation on the hapless victim werewolf legend. BLOOD RETRIBUTION is a fantastic horror mystery thriller that readers of these genres will want to read. Harriet Klausner 
Clarke's glaring research error: Author of The Prophet, Kahlil Gibran (1883-1931), in an article titled "The New Frontier" wrote "Are you a politician asking what your country can do for you or a zealous one asking what can you do for your country?". Clarke sure missed this one, as have so many before him. Did Kennedy just paraphrase, or did he plagarize? I would have liked to have seen Clarke deal with this sticky issue. 
This book is an excellent example of how creationists approach science: write a book with a lot of bafflegab that sounds scientific but is actually devoid of any meaningful content, and then finish up by concluding that evolution is impossible. What a bunch of baloney. First of all, evolution, in the sense of "common descent," is not impossible. Even ID-iot superstars Michael Behe, Stephen Meyer, and Jonathan Wells have admitted as much. (See a summary of their recent testimony in the Kansas biology curriculum hearings in the evolution/creationism forum at the West Virginia Gazette. (wvgazettemail) (put "/forums" after com) So any ID-iot who thinks all that bafflegab about irreducible complexity (IC) and the nonsense in this film is the death knell of evolution is simply ignorant. Man evolved from non-human ancestors. Get over it. Thaxton in particular ought to read that summary, since he himself was one of the witnesses and looked particularly ID-iotic. In any case, the empirical data discussed in this book is indeed nothing but bafflegab. Talking about the allegedly empirical foundation for intelligent design makes it sound deliciously scientific, especially to poorly educated ID-iots, who generally are clueless about real science; but even if the empirical data is accurate, it's nothing but a facade, because it has nothing to do with the book's main conclusion. For example, imagine your neighbor told you that his dog could play Beethoven concertos on the piano. Skeptical, you ask for proof. "Simple," your neighbor replies. "See, here's my dog, and there's my piano." Only a moron would accept that as "proof," and yet ID-iot Christians are more than happy to accept exactly that kind of "proof" from ID-iotic films like this. The problem with your neighbor's "proof" is that it proves only the existence of the dog and the existence of the piano. Neither of those issues, however, was the real cause of your skepticism, so the "proof" was entirely meaningless. The critical issue, of course, was not the mere existence of the dog and the piano, but rather the ability of the dog to play the piano, and your neighbor's "proof" was completely silent on that issue. Again, only a moron would accept evidence of mere existence as proof of piano-playing ability. In this book, there's a lot of talk about how complex certain biological systems are. That is nothing but meaningless bafflegab, because the mere existence of complex systems is not a disputed issue. The disputed issue is how those systems came into being, and on that issue the book's "evidence" is completely silent. This book was designed to fool poorly educated, easily impressed ID-iots. Judging from the five-star reviews, it seems to have succeeded. Well, there's a sucker born every minute, and apparently a lot of them are found in evangelical churches and seminaries. In one of the very first evolution debates, Thomas Huxley accused Bishop Wilberforce of using his intellectual and oratorical gifts to mislead and bamboozle people. Things haven't changed much since then. Instead of meaningful evidence, this book substitutes a God-of-the-gaps argument. "Gee, look how complex it is. It must have been created by an intelligent designer. Maybe, just maybe, it was God. Wink, wink." God-of-the-gaps arguments are dumb. Only ignorant suckers are taken in by them. So if any of those folks who wrote five-star reviews for this book would like to buy a nice bridge in Brooklyn or a dog who can play Beethoven concertos on the piano, please give me a call. I'll be happy to provide evidence! 
I picked up this book at the airport as I was heading to Japan. While staying with my in laws in the country, there is no English language anything. This is all I brought so I had to finish it. But it was a struggle. Firstly I like complex thrillers, and I liked all the Tom Clancy Jack Ryan series. Technically excellent, if with totally one dimensional characters. This book reminds me of the original Star Trek, where everyone but the Captain is affected by the virus. The hero is always right. Bell can write, his prose, I think is fine, but the scenarios are sometimes laughably implausible. I also agree with another reviewer here that there is an unpleasant racist overtone in some of his depictions of some of the bad guys. Overall awful, just awful. My first and last Bell book. I will be leaving the rest of the Bell collection on the shelf 
An excellent overall guide for both beginners in weight training and women who are familiar with their local gym! In this book you will find weekly workout plans laid out clearly for you as well as other lifesyle suggestions to meet your health and fitness/physique goals 
After some years in the IC design business (mostly analog) I needed to teach a course on ASICSs. This book was the text specified by my predecessor. I did not like the book, and eventually read the Weste and Harris book in its 3rd edition. Wolf is not nearly as clear, complete and logically organized as Weste and Harris - no comparison 
I picked up this paperback because my curiosity was stimulated by watching Mystic River, the film based on another LeHane novel. Darkness, Take My Hand did not disappoint. Different characters, same setting, and identical sense of insanity and irredeemable evil. LeHane's prose is intelligent and witty without being overbearing, a welcome change from many other authors who crank out formulaic , hackneyed language and stories in the crime genre. LeHane's descriptions jump right off the page at you. His characters are so human, so intense, their dialogue so sharp, that it's almost like watching a movie in your mind. There isn't a wasted word in this book. The suspense starts to build on page 1, and never lets up, becoming more and more menacing with each subsequent chapter. This is a stay-up-late read to finish only when you're NOT alone in the night. LeHane's other works top my summer reading list. I'd love to see what he could do in a different genre 
Then you'll probably like this story. My wife and I read books together and I'd sworn off Cornwell after Hornet's Nest (which on TV Cornwell admitted was some warmed over college material - and it showed horribly). The Scarpetta character (in some books) is unbelievably emotionally ultra-hyper (going from confident to terrified every time Marino knocks on the door). In this book she was mercifully level headed almost ALL the time! What a relief. And there was a real story. I'm not really a fan of her work over the last 10 years but there's almost enough lab details here to satisfy. Sure wish she (Scarpetta) would learn to delegate - imagine the top lab expert for her state and she has to go to every crime scene and move bodies herself! Anyway don't start here with the Scarpetta series - but if you already like the character, this one is a B+. Compared to other crime novels in general, it's still a C- in my estimation 
I love this book in conjunction with Dr. Perricone's books. They compliment each other nicely. A great tweak to feeling and looking better 
This is without a doubt the worst piece of social science ever produced. Regardless of where you stand politically, Johnson is guilty of revisionist history to the worst degree. Throughout this work Johnson displays a truly and utterly amazing ignorance of geopolitical realities. 
I was not a huge fan of the first book, but the concept was interesting and some times a series gets better with each book. This may not be the case here. While it is not as forehead smacking dimwitted as the first, it is has it's moments of unbeleiveablity. How can Dexter be so attractive that women throw themselves at him, and such a good pretender of being human that he can be oblivous when women like him? The only women who was not attracted to him has been his foster sister, and I kind of think it might be only a matter of time. I also dislike how every person who is his foe ends up dead or out of commission. Are they going to introduce a new character to be "on to him" every book? This is not only frustrating but it shows that the author is completely incapable of developing any character or relationship longer than a few pages. 
I thought the title was interesting so I bought this book. Wow, what a disappointment. This is sappy and poorly written. How does Mitch Albom keep getting on the best sellers list 
I love this series. I have every one of the books in this series and will never let them go. 
I read this book in less than one week. Normally I spend and average time of a month in finishing a book, but this was one of the rare cases that the reading last until 2 am. Marcus travels to a wild land, Germania Libera in order to send a gift of the emperor and ends with his life in hands of a German sorceress. The full novel is filled with action and historical references, it's worth the money! 
In the post 9/11 world in which this book, subtitled "The Clash Between Islam and Modernity in the Middle East" was published, it should not be surprising that the reader would anticipate a discussion of the factors that led up to that awful day. This, however, is not to be found in What Went Wrong? Instead we are treated to a cerebral discussion of various and sundry esoteric minutiae. We learn, for instance, that, "A distinguishing characteristic of Western music is polyphony, by harmony or counterpoint. This begins in its simplest form with the choir, in which matched voices sing different notes in a planned sequence to produce a combined effect; then comes the keyboard instrument, matching the ten fingers of the two hands, following different routes in a common purpose; and finally, the musical ensemble, from duets and trios to the full orchestra". While this is all well and good, and may even be mildly interesting on some academic level, it is hard to understand how it plays into a discussion of "The Clash Between Islam and Modernity..." that has led to the precarious times in which we live. Or, on another note (harmony? counterpoint?) we learn that Robinson Crusoe was translated into Arabic by Butrus al-Bustani and published in the late 1850's. Big deal! What we don't learn anything about is the rise of militant Islamism. There is no mention of Wahhabism or how this fundamentalist Islamic movement contributed to the rejection of modernity. The Muslim Brotherhood also is not to be found in the index, nor is there a mention of Sayyid Qutb, or his writing of the incendiary manifesto, Milestones. Furthermore, there is not a single reference to al-Qaeda, though Usama bin Laden does appear, albeit seemingly as an afterthought, in what appears to be a hastily added Afterword. So what went wrong? Beats me.. 
I have been an information systems professional for several years now and I am happy to see that there is finally a focus on data as the asset it truly is. If I could put certified data on the Balance sheet as a separate line item, I would. I have been reading your book Improving Data Warehouse and Business Information Quality over the past several weeks and I have this ear-to-ear grin that some peers find disturbing. (Why does he get so excited about data?) High Quality Data=success 
First off, I have to admit: I am 22 years old and read the entirety of this book in one 7 hour sitting on my way to Paris. I picked up the novel out of sheer curiosity and personal research for my job. I work at Barnes Noble and am in charge of both the Teen and Children's sections. When our store sold out of New Moon within a week of initially getting the book, my curiosity was piqued -- I felt I had to give its predecessor a try so I knew what the hype was about and could give an honest opinion about the book. Now here I sit and I have finished both Twilight and New Moon. I have to admit -- Meyer has a talent. Both books I read at breakneck speed, barely stopping to eat or sleep. Her prose is smooth and easy, accompanied by a plot that I found engrossing. I went back after reading Twilight and re-read my favorite sections more than once. The love story was hypnotizing and surprisingly seductive. I definitely plan on recommend this book, mainly to teenage girls who will swoon over Edward. However, I only gave the book four stars. While I enjoyed it immensley as I read the novel, a few things bothered me upon looking back: 1) While Meyer deinitely has a talent for writing an engaging novel full of beautiful descriptions, the character descriptions at times felt extremely lazy. If I had to read one more time about Edward's marble, angelic face (what, exactly, does that mean??), his liquid topaz eyes, or how Bella glared at Edward, I thought I was going to pitch the book down the aisle of the plane. 2) I'm not sure I buy their romance. It was heartstopping and climactic during the read, but honestly, what DOES he see in her? If Bella keeps asking that question to herself, maybe her audience shoud seriously consider it. 3)Bella herself bothered me. I found Bella to be horribly dependent on Edward to the point that I got irritated with her. And her constantly having to catch her breath around Edward -- Puh-leeze. Be a woman! Stand on your own feet! She never fully developed into a character for me since she revolved solely around Edward, something that I, as a self-sustained woman, cannot connect with. And lastly, 4)Bella wants so desperately to become a vampire, but that seems like it could pose a problem between herself and Edward. Since I haven't seen any evidence that Edward likes Bella for any other reason than that she smells wonderful (a scent that she has because she is human and has blood coursing through her veins, mind you), what happens when she no longer smells good? Meyer is really going to have to prove to me that Edward actually loves Bella for other reasons than her smell, otherwise it will be completely unbelievable if Bella turns into a vampire and Edward is still attracted to this ordinary girl... Although the plot has its shortcomings, I still thoroughly enjoyed it and that is why I give it four stars. I will read the next one when it comes out, and any other subsequent after that, for the simple reason that the books are entertaining and Edward is so dang alluring 
When considering the faith of the founders of the U.S, it is easy to rely on half-truths and assumptions. David Holmes dispels a lot of myths in his well-researched book which uses historical documentation, personal letters, and observations of conduct in order to describe the various beliefs which the early patriots espoused. He begins by describing the religious movements of the 18th. century which influenced our founders. One interesting point he makes is that 9 of the original colonies had government-sponsored churches, a practice which the country quickly abandoned when the colonies united into a nation. Although many of the people he describes, including George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, and Thomas Jefferson, were brought up in orthodox Christian churches, such as Episcopal and Congregational, they were later influenced by the Deist movement which opposed many orthodox Christian views. He describes some interesting practices, such as the fact that George Washington would leave Anglican services before participating in communion, despite the fact that his wife Martha would stay for the sacrament. This is only one example of an early political wife who stayed true to her orthodox upbringing despite the Deist leanings of her husband. Holmes concludes his book with a brief description of modern-day presidents and their religious beliefs which bear much more scrutiny than the founding fathers' did. In writing this book Holmes displays an impartiality which is fitting for an historian, and which makes it all the more believable 
This book is not my favourite in the Heartland series. It is not even really about heartland, the main part of the book is based in Occanumba. Also, there are hardly any horses in this book, just Maverick (who is only a minor part) and a tiny bit of Spindleberry and Albatross. It is mainly about Carey and her mood swings. It is also a bit unrealistic, as Amy comes out eith long, involved, emotional speeches that no teenager i know would blab on about! The way she talks is more like a middle aged psychatrist! I also think that the most recent books have been targeted at a younger audience. At the start of the series i would class them as 'young adult' material, but now they are just for kids who like horses. She is supposed to be going out with Ty but they never seem to kiss much or do anything romantic. In this book he goes to Occanumba with Amy and they don't even get off together once! Even though they are in the forest all alone at one point, with no adults around. All in all this book is ok, but rather boring. Nothing much happens, i thought Amy might at least have an arguement with Joni when she takes over with Spindleberry, but no, Amy has gone middle-aged and doesn't do anything. I would only recommend buying this book if you are a total heartland fan. Carey is really annoying at the start and the horses hardly feature at all. I hope the last 2 books in the series are better, because this one was rather pants. 
This "novel" would be better suited for the stage. It reads like a play, often. It's not realistic as the author goes overboard in depicting "high drama" within a family. They suffer a tragedy that would certainly affect a family but to the extent the author has them changing is not realistic at all. There are far too many scenes of shouting, histrionics. The father goes from being Ward Cleaver to a verbally abusive monster. If I had to see the mother one more time with her calling "Robin!" I was going to scream. The author needs to understand that high drama and a climax will be inferred by the reader after seeing the conflict. This author forces the climax onto us in every scene. He's desperate for this end result of angst, high drama and shock. It's overkill. I don't believe that a 14 year old would become this promiscuous. Sure it happens but this was the Leave it to Beaver family at first. It just doesn't make sense that because of ONE incident, all members of the family devolve into sordid disasters. In short, the author needs to be focused more on telling a story, allowing the reader to infer. Instead, he thrusts high drama and climax onto us at every turn. It's ironic, actually, as he's trying to make us feel drama but he did it so much that I just felt tedium. Very, very contrived and forced novel. Not believable. I do not recommend 
I got this book for my fiance on the recommendation of my Rabbi. She loves it. 
The subtitle to this review should have been "Glaring Inconsistencies Outright Fantasies". I've found a large number of inconsistencies with history that should be obvious to anyone who has read this thing closely. For example, on page 7 Coleman says "the Club of Rome was established in 1968", but on page 17 he suggests that the Club of Rome played "a key role in the Cuban Missile Crisis" and "attempted to sell its 'crisis management'...progam to President Kennedy." Unless we've been misled, the Cuban Missile Crisis happened a full 6 years before this group was founded. What are careful readers to make of such a passage? Either it's a typo and he means 1958, or, as I heartily suspect, he doesn't have a grasp on his subject. On page 9 Coleman suggests Henry "Kissinger's role in destabilizing the United States by three wars, the Middle East, Korea, and Vietnam is well known..." However, Kissinger, working at Harvard from 1948, had no role in the U.S. government until the 1960's, working for the Kennedy Administration. The Korean War, as we are all aware, occured in 1950, and ended long before Kissinger had any influence on American foreign policy. If it were true that Kissinger had an influence on the United States' policy in Korea, for example, then Coleman would be wise to address that issue at this point in his text. However, he only leaves us with the cryptic "is well known". It is definitely NOT well known, and Coleman is just fooling those readers who think that a book which is difficult to read or which is discussing difficult subjects must be true. These are just a few of the inconsistencies that I could check in a short time that Coleman throws out at you. If you're not a careful reader, you'll be tricked into accepting some really ridiculous ideas. If you prefer speculation to reason, then by all means gorge yourself in the sickly sweet nectar of "what ifs". If you're looking for something based on reality, then, rider, pass by 
I was looking forward to reading this book, first in a series. Sadly, I gave up on it about 100 pages in. I felt there was so MUCH mundane writing and hardly any dialog between not only the two main characters but between any characters at all. It just feels completely unemotional and without any sort of feeling-there is NOTHING exciting about this book. The heroine is naive, and not in a good way. I hope the others in this series are better. 1.5 stars 
I'm glad I bought this book and I will continue to refer to it. The remit of the Dummies series is to provide a guide to its subject matter without any great fuss. The text focuses on practical techniques without unnecessary diversion into the detail of molecular biology or computer science. In this respect it would have been a difficult book to author, readers having come from one discipline or the other. I agree with previous reviewers that this is well worth reading before doing a bioinformatics course or degree. Bioinformatics is a new field, and this book has delivered a useful introduction to it without recourse to expensive textbooks full of unreadable filler 
This book was extremely well written. It's a gorgeous story and not cliched at all. What totally gets me is that after searching the web for a time, I have not been able to find anyone that has written on the connection between her book and the eugenics movement taking place in the 20's. She most bluntly did not agree with eugenics at the end. For example, on page 233, "And if all the gifts of Life are good, perhaps, too, are all the shapes she chooses to take, and which we cannot alter." The book is filled with hints at the time period even though, after looking at countless reviews, the reviewers keep commenting on how her other books took from the time period and historical events and that Lud-in-the-Mist did not and it was a "fantastical" piece of literature. In my opinion, this book was TOTALLY based on the time period. There's even a line by the blacksmith about how since he's not "white" anymore he has come down in the world. If you're looking for a cultural artifact of the 20's, this is an astounding piece 
I agree with one the comments posted below. The main problem with this book is Mitch is a totally one-dimensional character and it's impossible to find any depth in him. Over the course of the book he doesn't change, he's unsympathetic, and by the time we've reached page 500, we don't know anything more about him than we did on page 10. I found myself dying to get to the end of this book, just so I could start another book with some substance and some well-drawn characters. Another major problem is that most of the characters in this book use the same wise-cracking speaking style so there is no sense of the characters being different from each other in any way. Overall, I thought this was mediocre and a bit of a waste of time 
Marvelous story with historical concepts and involment leading the reader to intrigue and fascination. Buy this book. 
I enjoyed the first 3 books of the Women's Murder Club. Didn't like too much the 4th (of July), but the 5th is just BAD ! What's the plot ? There is no plot ! 2 serial-killer stories try to share the pages of this not-such-a-page-turner, the 1st mystery (Car Girls) get solved mid-way throught the book and I bet plenty of readers won't remember it by the end of this painfull read... By trying to develop 2 stories, Patterson gets our interest for none. The most sad thing of all is that I used to like to Women's Murder Club members, but now they all seem so unreal, remote from anything actually likeable. And it's been the case since one of them died and another one joined the club, in the most stupid, artificial way really. Not much to save this book, it's even badly written. Don't know if Patterson thinks about writting a 6th, but don't count on me next time 
Barrow, an astronomer at the University of Sussex when this book was published, provides an entertaining and informative account of the foundations and philosophy of mathematics. Do mathematicians invent or discover mathematics? What 'reality' do mathematical entities like pi have? What accounts for what physicist Eugene Wigner has called, in a now-famous paper, The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Mathematics in the Natural Sciences (299)? After an interesting account of the history of counting and numbers, Barrow discusses in succeeding chapters the philosophies of formalism, inventionism, intuitionism, and platonism, a sophisticated version of which he seems to favor. Perhaps most mathematical workers follow what Alfred Korzybski called the 'christian science' school of mathematics, which proceeds by faith and disregards entirely any problems of the epistemological foundations of its supposed `scientific' activities (Science and Sanity 748). I commend Barrow because he considers these epistemological questions important and writes about them so engagingly. Barrow's discussions of theories and personalities provide useful background for understanding mathematical foundations. As for Barrow's conclusions, from a non-aristotelian view, the appeal of platonism seems understandable as an example of identification, the confusion of orders of abstracting. Barrow doesn't seem to consider that mathematicians may both invent and discover mathematics. He seems so taken with the effectiveness of mathematics in the natural sciences that the notion of mathematical entities existing solely as high-order abstractions in human nervous systems seems insufficient to him. As Korzybski pointed out, we live in a world of multi-dimensional, ordered structures or relations. It does not seem unreasonable, then, that we can map this world with an exact language of relations, i.e., mathematics. But as Korzybski also pointed out many times, the map is not the territory. 
Dr. Rieux, the main character of the novel, moves throughout the book in a detached surreal hopeless manner. He goes thru the motions of "doing his job" while death surrounds him from a wide spread and accelerating plague. I find Jose Saramago's "Blindess" to be a far superior book to The Plague. Similar theme and concept but more descriptive and moving. The Plague was clinical in its approach - almost bloodless. I found this highly acclaimed book to be very difficult to re-read, often having to re-read many pages over and over. I would pass on this book 
this book blew my ballz. it was possibly the worst book i have ever read in my entire life. although i am usually sleepless in seattle, i found myself falling asleep each time i tried to read it. i advise no one to ever read this godforsaken book 
I have received your new book against the human race, and thank you for it. Never was such cleverness used in the design of making us all stupid. One longs, in reading your book, to walk on all fours. But as I have lost that habit for more than sixty years, I feel unhappily the impossibility of resuming it. Nor can I embark in search of the savages of Canada, because the maladies to which I am condemned render a European surgeon necessary to me; because war is going on in those regions; and because the example of our actions has made the savages nearly as bad as ourselves. Voltaire (1755 
I like to use the Amazon reviews when purchasing books, especially alert for dissenting perceptions about higly rated items, which usually disuades me from a selection. So I offer this review that seriously questions the popularity of this work - I found it smug, self-serving and self-indulgent, written by a person with little or no empathy, especially for the people he castigates. For example, his portrayal of the family therapist seems implausible and reaches for effect and panders to the "shrink" bashers of the world. This "play for effect" tone throughout the book was very distasteful to me 
kurt vonnegut's book slaughterhouse five is a great piece of literary work in itself. his unique style of black humor, combined with his vivid imagination is second to none. this book was exciting and unpredictable as i continued to read! its main purpose involved the struggle of a man with his grip on reality. is he, or is he not crazy? the imagery in this book was another great element, and many regard this as one of the greatest anti-war books of the century. this book is definitely worth reading and will not disappoint! you can't go wrong with kurt vonnegut's slaughterhouse five 
Syl Sobel is my nextdoor neighbor. This book is a wonderful resource for the whole family. It is illustrated, has a glossary for those hard to know terms and an index! Buy this book today! 
(W is not really number one.) Ritter's book is best summed up by Ritter in these 4 paragraphs from the Epilogue; "The notion of the war in Iraq resulting from an intelligence failure is very convenient for all parties involved. The intelligence community can simply say that intelligence is a tricky business, and sometimes you get it wrong. This, of course, provides a convenient excuse for the politicians, and compliant media, to contend that they were simply acting in the public interest based upon the information they were given... ...In the end, to accept the concept of Iraq as an intelligence failure, one must first accept the premise that the USA was implementing, as its primary objective for Iraq, the Security Council's resolutions on disarmament. This argument is simpy not sustainable. The behavior of the United States government and its intelligence agencies during my time as an inspector was not that of a government that was serious about disarmament. Support for UNSCOM's mission was, at best, tailored to the political imperatives at any given time. There was a total willingness to compromise the integrity of UNSCOM (and with it the whole notion of multilateral disarmament) for short-term tactical advantages in the battle between the US and Iraqi regimes. Towards the end of the inspections era, elements of the US government actively sought to make UNSCOM's job more difficult by cutting it off from intelligence sources. Disarmament was simply not the USA's principal policy objective in Iraq after 1991. Regime change was. The CIA was designated as the principal implementer of this policy. Therefore, when one looks at the March, 2003 invasion of Iraq and the subsequent removal of power of the government of Saddam Hussein, the only conclusion that can be reached is that the CIA accomplished its mission. Iraq was, in fact, a great intelligence victory, insofar as the CIA, through its manipulation of the work of the UN weapons inspectors and the distortion of fact about Iraq's WMD programs, maintained the public perception of an armed and defiant Iraq in the face of plausible and plentiful evidence to the contrary. We now know that both the US and UK intelligence services had, by July 2002, agreed to 'fix the intelligence around policy'. But the fact remains that, at least as far as the CIA is concerned, the issue of 'fixing intelligence around policy' predates July 2002, reaching as far back as 1992 when the decision was made to doctor the intelligence about Iraqi SCUD missile accounting, asserting the existence of missiles in the face of UNSCOM inspection results which demonstrated that there were none. As an American, I find it very disturbing that the intelligence services of my country would resort to lies and deceit when addressing an issue of such fundamental importance to the security of the USA. Intelligence, to me, has always been about the facts. When intelligence is skewed to fit policy, then the entire system of trust that is fundamental in a free and democratic society is put at risk. Iraq, and the role of the CIA in selling the war with Iraq, is a manifestation of such a breach of trust." We've been had. On the Grand Scale. The problem of "politicization of intelligence" is clearly a bi-partisan issue. I'm recommending this book for anyone who seeks the truth about Iraq's WMD's. I'm giving this book 5/5 stars just for delivering up the truth, damn the consequences 
I love this book! I love this series and it absolutely pains me to think that this may be the last (I say maybe because originally Buddies was supposed to be the last). It is such a difficult book to pick up and read because every emotion invested in the previous three books is tested. My love for Dennis Savage's irony becomes sorrow at the hope that he will lose face and stay with Little Kiwi. My love for Little Kiwi's innocence becomes concern for his actions. It's like watching your child make questionable decisions and knowing that no matter what the result, the choices that they make are theirs, and there's nothing you can do about it, but let them be chosen. It's hard letting Little Kiwi grow up and become Virgil Brown. I imagine it's the same way with a child, but at least then you get to see what happens! Mind you, the book like the other three is a comic genius with subtle, feeling humor that has you laughing one minute and crying the next. But just like Just Above My Head by James Baldwin (which I highly recommend), I have been unable to pick up this book and read it again. It simply leaves me realing with so many feelings, yet I would not trade the experience reading it with anything. How does one mix merriment with malaise so well? Read the book and find out 
I am a Nevada Barr fan and was unfortunately disappointed with "High Country." The story takes place in a restaurant (boring). The characters were dull and I kept getting them confused. Anna's constant thinking of how old she feels is tiresome. I also missed Anna's sister, Molly, who is only mentioned a few times in the book. Sorry, but I really can't recommend this book as a good read. If you want to get a feel for a real Anna Pigeon adventure, pick up "Track of the Cat" or "Liberty Falling. 
I'd definitely recommend it not only to the Knowledge Management professionals, but to the general public. It's a fun and easy read. 
This one I read before I started leaving my reviews on Amazon. It's a wonderful story. You'll love the characters. Absolutely a 5 star read 
I really love Amanda Quick, but this one just didn't work. We don't even get to see the hero and heroine meet and spend time together; the action starts after they've already spent a week getting to know each other. Very disappointing from a romance novel. And I don't really expect tightly woven mysteries in my romance novels, but the plot in this one defies belief. It's never explained why the first murder even occurs. The hero's fear that the murderer will focus on Venetia because she's using the last name "Jones" is beyond ludicrous. If that was going to be a major plot point, at least make it an unusual name that would link the hero and heroine together. But JONES?! All would be forgiven if the romance were compelling, but it wasn't in the slightest. I will probably choose to wait for the next one in paperback or at the library 
I liked TRACK OF THE CAT, but I didn't love it. The idea that the lion is wrongly accused was one I found appealing, but the plot was, at times, predictable. The setting was well-drawn, but most of the characters were pretty one-dimensional. The clincher, though, is that I'm not sure yet just how captivating Anna Pigeon is as a main character. I believe that this is her first story, so I don't want to make a snap judgement, but Anna is nowhere near as quirkily entertaining as a Sherlock Holmes or Miss Marple. That would be expecting a lot, I know, but frankly she isn't even as engaging as, say, Gideon Oliver or Sharon McCone or Brother Cadfael, and she lacks the depth and power of a Harry Bosch. As I said, the jury is still out for me here. I liked TRACK OF THE CAT, but I wasn't wild about it. It's a solid first try, and I'll certainly read another Anna Pigeon or two before deciding whether or not to go for the whole series. I expect most readers will find this opening mystery enjoyable. I recommend it, but my recommendation is a mild one 
I liked this book, but I notice that all the critics seem to hate it. It did take me more than a year of picking at it on and off. I picked it up because Walter Laqueur referred to it in one of his books about terrorism. Written in 1886, it suggests that there is a pan-European anarchist underground, which the protagonist gets mixed up with. It is interesting in its depiction of liberal guilt among the wealthy, who support a political movement that would lead to their own extinction. The prose is wonderful, as is the depiction of the subtleties of the characters' personalities, if you have the taste for that sort of thing. All in all, it was worth reading and it passed the most important test for a novel: I finished it with regret. I had previously read and liked Portrait of a Lady, which is a superior novel. As much as I liked it, I would have to say do not start with Princess as an introduction to James. Incidentally, I have a theory about the omniscient narrator in James' books being a malign demiurge, but I will spare you that theorizing here 
The insights here are simple, straightforward and profound. It explains how modern society can sometimes put men into a no-win situation, resulting in a feeling of frustration, impotence, incompetence, and depression. The only socially acceptable way to express it is rage (even though rage is vilified, I can tell you that showing hurt, pain and weakness invites scorn, distain and disrespect, even from those who purport to love us). By explaining how we get into this trap, it helps us to understand it and thus gives us a chance to find a way out. I wish I could give a copy of this book to every man and woman in the world. I see so much of it played out every day all around us, and the pain both men and women feel because of it does so much damage. Read it before you have a crisis if you can, but if you are already in crisis, make the effort to read this book even if you can't read anything else. It might even save your life. Believe me, I know what I'm talking about. 
"OF PARADISE AND POWER" - BY ROBERT KAGAN "Americans are from Mars and Europeans are from Venus" - apart from simply raising a few eyebrows, this line by Robert Kagan author of "Of Paradise And Power", has not only caught the attention of many but managed to stir up a wave of discussions among the politicians and elites concerned with cross-Atlantic relations. Kagan's thought provoking book became extremely popular and received international acclaim for its analysis of the deteriorating US-Europe relationship, not to mention its catchy and striking phrases systematically introduced throughout the slender yet captivating book. Kagan introduces multiple chapters in his book, in order to deconstruct the key underlying issues which he claims are causes of the ever widening divide between US and Europe. In the chapter "The Power Gap", Kagan starts from World War I to understand the aversiveness Europe displays towards military and wars. He argues that while both the World Wars weakened Europe tremendously; they helped the US emerge as a super power. He further elaborates on the might of the US in the chapter that follows - "Psychologies of Power and Weakness". Kagan explains how lack of power can not only affect psychologies and ideologies, but change perspectives as well. He claims Europe's paucity of military power compels it to not only tolerate threats but ignore them all together and at the same time try and counterbalance the US force by constructing a world which is governed by economic and soft non-violent methods. This chapter culminates into "Hyperpussiance", a chapter in which Kagan discusses intricate details of Kosovo and Bosnia, highlighting Europe's failure and America's effectiveness in handling the situation. He finally presents his central argument in the chapters "The Post Modern Paradise" and "The World America Made" where Kagan states, "Europe's evolution into its present state occurred under the mantle of the U.S. security guarantee and could not have occurred without it." Casting doubts on Europe's intentions, Kagan centers his argument on the growing self-centered policies of Europe and questions the validity of cohesive terms such as `west' in his chapter "Is It Still `The West'"? Finally, it seems Kagan provides a solution to this insolvable problem of the US- Europe divide in his concluding chapter, "Adjusting to Hegemony", by simply stating one line - "the task for both Europeans and Americans is to readjust to the new reality of American hegemony". This extremely small book, as compared to the issue it addresses needs further analysis and some close examining. There are many issues to be addressed in Kagan's brief analysis and one might not be completely satisfied with certain claims, reasonings or the manner in which such a grave and sensitive topic is handled. While there is a tone of underlying bias (in contrast to the general opinion of a well-balanced view that the author holds), Kagan manages to miss out some crucial facts and figures, not to mention present stark paradoxes, and the essay lacks sufficient citings. To start with, let me point out the contradictions in Kagan's arguments, the presence of which highly undermines his claims, leaving the reader in a dilemma unconvinced of either argument. Kagan claims, "Europe's relative weakness has understandably produced a powerful European interest in building a world where military strength and hard power matter less than economic and soft power...rules of behavior" (pg.37). He goes on to say, - "Since Europeans lack the capacity to undertake unilateral military actions, either individually or collectively as `Europe,' it is natural that they should oppose allowing others to do that they cannot do themselves."(pg.38) in contrast to "...Europe today has the wealth and technological capability to make itself more of a world power in military terms if Europe wanted to become that kind of world power" (pg.53-54). Kagan contradicts his own views, stating many times that Europe is militarily weak, nor does it have the capacity to build up its forces yet at the same time, puts forth an argument of Europe's capabilities of increasing its defense spending and military might to match the US. In the chapter, Psychologies of Power and Weakness, Kagan's one claim contradicts another which is made in the next chapter as the reasoning for both his claims seem to be absolutely tangential. He first explains Europe's greater tolerance for threats is due to its weakness and the fearful past, which it has suffered from. He then metaphorically explains it by giving the example of a man with a knife and the same one with a rifle having different interpretations of the word `threat' when confronting a bear (pg.31). But again Kagan himself feels Europe can become a military power as and when it wishes to, when he says "They could easily spend twice as much as they are currently spending on defense if they believed it necessary to do so" (pg.54). So this forces me to ask a question, would one be mauled by a bear if one could produce a rifle to prevent this misfortune? So isn't it quite possible that Europeans feel safe, not because they "...enjoy the `free ride' they have gotten under the American security umbrella over the past six decades" (pg.54), but rather because there was and is no real threat at all? With the use of phrases such as "The Axis of Evil" and "Rouge States" (pg.30), which Kagan uses to describe Iraq and Iran, not to mention his references to `Weapons of Mass Destruction' (which he uses as a pretext to the war in Iraq), which still seem to be elusive for some reason, he seems to perplex me by blatantly ignoring his own creation. While Kagan maintains that Iraq was a threat and the US perceived it as one while Europe did not, he might want to explain as to why, in 1997, he (Kagan was the Director of the Project for the New American Century) signed a document which justifies American occupation of the Middle-East, irrespective of threats from Iraq or Iran. "The United States has for decades sought to play a more permanent role in Gulf regional security. While the unresolved conflict with Iraq provides the immediate justification, the need for a substantial American force presence in the Gulf transcends the issue of the regime of Saddam Hussein... From an American perspective, the value of such bases would endure even should Saddam pass from the scene. Over the long term, Iran may well prove as large a threat to U.S. interests in the Gulf as Iraq has. And even should U.S.-Iranian relations improve; retaining forward-based forces in the region would still be an essential element in U.S. security strategy given the longstanding American interests in the region."(pg.17 - Rebuilding America's Defenses - *1) This forces me to conclude that either the author has resorted to `cherry picking' of evidence or he suffers from selective amnesia. Some of his reasoning, analysis and analogies seem to be too nave. When explaining military action, one cannot justify it by saying, "When you have a hammer, all problems start to look like nails". The author speaks about the nation's (US's) willingness to go to war simply because it has the ability and the capacity to do so. Without discussing a need or providing concrete reasons for the use of aggression, the author seems to be content in justifying use of force, simply because one has it. One important aspect Kagan leaves out in his analysis are the political and economical aspects of the ongoing US-Europe feud. While I have discussed some economical aspects later in the review, one must note that Kagan does not mention the Kyoto Protocol (apart from Clinton's negotiation of it (pg.45)). The US withdrawal from the Protocol had created serious problems and divisions between the two giants (www.climnet.org - *2). While there were many other issues that further fanned the growing fire, disagreements over the Anti-Ballistic Missile treaty for example, which Kagan conveniently sweeps under the carpet, needed to be addressed if one is discussing transatlantic relations (www.bbcnews.com - *3, 4) For a book which covers issues from the pre World War II decade (occasionally going back to ancient philosophy) to the present issues, 72 citations, from which many are simply extended explanations (for examples, see supra notes- 19, 20, 22), seem to be alarmingly low, especially with the absence of some important ones and not to mention, certain citations which wrongly allude to historical facts. Kagan mentions, "As `some' Europeans put it, the real division of labor consisted of the United States making the dinner and the Europeans doing the dishes" (pg.23), yet he does not refer to any source for this cynical statement. He says, "The vast majority of Europeans always believed that the threat (if any) posed by Saddam was more tolerable than the risk of removing him" along with other alleging statements like, "The rehabilitation and reintegration of Saddam Hussein's Iraq is precisely what they(Europe) sought" (pg.44) , and again gives no source for the origin of these beliefs. Strangely, he supports one of his claims by stating in his supra note.20, pg.30, "for that matter, this is also the view commonly found in American textbooks". One might not generally expect to see such puerile purporting evidence in a scholarly analysis of transatlantic relations. Kagan at times jumps back to Athenian times and has injected strong philosophies in his essay. He mentions a number of times how Americans see the world from a Hobbesian perspective while Europeans are followers of Kantinian policies. Kagan seems to have overlooked the fact, that though Hobbes had described the state of nature as that of "all against all", the only reason Hobbes justifies a sovereignty is to ensure peace on earth. Kagan conveniently cites Hobbes (Hobbes theory itself was flawed as later philosophers termed it as `Hobbes Dilemma') to justify American aggression, but no where in Hobbes' theory is aggression justified by the sovereign (Leviathan - Ch.17). There are some conclusions Kagan draws which seem to be beliefs of an American idealist living in a world where politics is as pure as religion. He concludes that while the US was providing "free security" to Europe after the Cold War, "...America's great power and willingness to assume responsibility for protecting other nations..." (pg.34) has given Europe the opportunity to build up economically. Kagan further asserts his point when he says, "Given America's willingness to spend so much money protecting them, Europeans would rather spend their own money on social welfare programs, long vacations and shorter workweeks" (pg.54). These are inaccurate presentations of facts, which are more of subjective, bias ideologies. I would like to put forth two points in order to accentuate the conspicuous fallacy of these two statements. First, America's interest in Europe was not to provide it with security whether before or after the Cold War. One must not confuse the fact that measures taken to restrict the Soviet advance was purely for selfish motives, rather than for the benefit of nations which were under the watchful eye of the communist empire (Kagan himself acknowledges the fact when he says, "With the check of the Soviet power removed, the United States was free to intervene practically whenever and wherever it chose..."(pg26)). Second, when Kagan acknowledges that Europe which has a "$9 trillion " economy is in a comfortable position to support its welfare programs along with increased military spending; attributing the fact that Europe spends more on welfare, as he calls them "free-riders", results in a faulty analysis. When I had mentioned earlier that Kagan chose to omit and ignore certain facts, the example of the Balkans, which the author has cited many times in his book would seem most relevant. Kosovo is one of the primary issues he discusses to bring forth US benevolence and European incapacity. "American involvement in Kosovo or Bosnia was not based on calculations of a narrow American `national interest'...While Americans had a compelling moral interest in stopping genocide and ethnic cleansing,... the US had no `national interest' at stake in the Balkans"(pg.50), this is how Kagan sees it. Indeed stopping genocide was a concern, but was it the only concern? While Milosevic had very much agreed to station NATO troops in Kosovo to stop the conflicts, none seem to have been interested in his offer; they rather wanted complete access and control to all of Yugoslavia. The Rambouillet Accord, to which the Contact Group added an Appendix B on the last day of the conference held at Paris, one must note was the primary reason for rejecting NATO troops, as it demanded Yugoslavia to surrender its autonomy and sovereignty. Yet, he does not mention of Milosevic agreeing to station NATO troops in Kosovo (http://wsws.org *5). Some thing missing from Kagan's entire book are the words "Latin America" and "Africa". As seen above, Kagan believes America was spending its money protecting Europe and Europe alone from all the threats around the world, before and after the Cold War. But what baffles me to quite an extent is that not once does Kagan mention about any American intervention in Latin America (official or not), Africa or the Far East for that matter. Those who are well aware of the world around them, will be aware of America's support for dictators and other corrupt regimes throughout Latin America and the far East, Indonesia for example, which were for self serving purposes alone or is it that the author is implying that the Latin American and African countries were a threat to Europe, hence the interventions and no mention of them? (A complete timeline by Steven Kangas can be found on multiple sites *6, 7, 8) There is one severe `defect', as I put it, which undermines the entire argument of this book. Kagan's tunneled vision approach, which refers to the word `power' only in terms of military strength and capabilities, ultimately results in a false dichotomy, which is the stumbling stone for his thesis. Kagan believes the world and in particular, Europe, is left with two options, that either they follow the US or be a tacit audience. The reason he reaches this conclusion as I previously put it, is due to his convergent view. "Rather than viewing the US as a Gulliver tied down by Lilliputian threads", says Kagan, "American leaders should realize that they are hardly constrained at all, that Europe is not really capable of constraining the US". He reinforces this claim throughout his book (see pg- 33, 37-40, 59, 62, etc). The author's abysmal ignorance about hard-hitting, highly valid and relevant facts has rendered severe blows to the validity of his claims. Kagan has committed serious errors here, by ignoring Europe's strength, not military but political and economical indeed. With a population of 456,953,258 (the CIA Fact Book *9) and still growing, the EU, leave aside Europe, cannot be simply overlooked or brushed aside as a dead competitor or a bygone culture. Europe is economically strong enough to trouble the US as and when it wants to, the recent problems over the genetically altered meat, banana dispute, steel industry debacle, Airbus-Boeing clash and many more, have all proved that Europe's economic strength is much of a concern for the US. While I must point out a rank deletion, I believe this is `the' single factor which is capable for arguing against all of Kagan's thesis and arguments, and that is the American Economy. Not once has he mentioned the deteriorating state of American economy (2001), even though problems did exist when he wrote this book. He seems to be blissfully ignorant and persists that America can sustain its exorbitant defense spending, "...the US can sustain its current military spending levels and its current global dominance far into the future". Strangely, the growing inflation rate, rising unemployment, stagflation, trends the economy was showing of heading towards a recession, were I believe dismissed as myths by the author (for statistics see - www.bbcnews.com; http://wsws.org *10, 11). Also, Kagan's final solution suggest that, "The obvious answer is that Europe should.... and build up its military, even if only marginally", leaves me with a conundrum. Is Kagan implicating that Europe has no military at all or is it that he wants to begin a new arms race, this time Cold War II? Kagan must understand he is writing this book for international publics and not simply those, whose ideologies are in tandem with his. Hence, I doubt most would disagree that the world should get into an arms race here, as we all know, there is no stopping to this evil if it once starts. While I have already discussed the effects of trade and economics (which Kagan ignores) on the US-Europe relation, there is something I must point out before I end this review. Kagan, rather conveniently digresses of the topic, which is transatlantic relationships, to justifying US hegemony in a neo-conservative fashion. While most Americans themselves would probably not agree with Kagan's ideology (as the public opinion and faith plummets - see polls from various news sources *12), leave aside Europeans or rest of the world, Kagan writes almost 15 pages to justify it. This was a rather disappointing conclusion to his book, where he thinks the only solution to the ever widening divide is "Adjusting to Hegemony". When Kagan says how many (statistics seem to abandon him) Americans believe that by advancing their interest, they advance the interest of humanity, he sounds exuberantly jingoistic and to drive the point home, he quotes Benjamin Franklin as saying - "America's cause is the cause of all mankind" and again I must bring to the author's notice, the recipient of these remarks is an international audience, which is diverse, has its own culture and heritage, religious beliefs and ideologies and has no reason to believe why their culture or beliefs are inferior to any other. An author of his stature must realize that it is transatlantic relationships and not a primary grade bully that is being discussed. While he seems to take pride in saying that America has a "go it alone" attitude (pg.39, 99), it does not abide by the UN Security Council (pg.40, 99), takes action unilaterally irrespective of international laws (pg.45, 61, 99), is justified in adopting `double standards' (pg.62, 99), he fails to fathom the gravity of the current day (or rather the day when he wrote this book) situation and the growing unpopularity of American foreign policy around the world. While he sees Europe as an obstacle in the path of America's imperialistic goals, a neutral observer would be more than justified in pointing out that may be it is the US that hinders progress and efforts of the EU to establish a world which respects international laws, human rights, collective public opinion and most of all - peace. He fails to give an impartial, if not a complete solution to rid the world of this wedge as he weakly concludes his essay by saying, "...a little common understanding can still go a long way". While many have nothing but words of praise, as a one line summary by Francis Fukuyama calls it - "Brilliant" (a co-architect and signatory of the Rebuilding America's Defense Project) and according to Dr. Henry Kissinger, [against whom innumerable charges of human right violations have been levied, who ironically, Kagan terms as a "quintessential realist". See - http://en.wikipedia.org(for cases) *13; http://www.thenation.com(for list of crimes) *14] the book is a "seminal treatise" which would "shape the (US-Europe relation) discussion for years to come"; I do not particularly endorse it it. As I have already put forth immense supportive data to show why the book lacks a concrete argument, sane reasoning or supportive evidence, though its lucid prose, easy comprehension and its articulate linking makes it a good read, it barely digs deep into the problem or the solution, apart from scratching the surface, `the military surface'. Indeed the book did create waves in the political arena, which was probably due to its impeccable timing, but I cast serious doubts on the claims that it would be "discussed for years to come". *1 - http://www.newamericancentury.org/RebuildingAmericasDefenses.pdf *2 - http://www.climnet.org/news/march2001.html *3 - http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/1383385.stm *4 - http://212.58.226.30/1/hi/business/2052405.stm *5 - http://www.wsws.org/articles/1999/apr1999/yugo-a14.shtml *6 - http://www.atrocities.net/ *7 - home.att.net/~Resurgence/CIAtimeline.html *8 - www.serendipity.li/cia/cia_time.htm *9 - http://www.cia.gov/cia/publications/factbook/geos/ee.html *10 - http://www.wsws.org/articles/2000/dec2000/us-d30.shtml *11 - http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/1263211.stm *12 - http://www.michaelmoore.com/words/index.php *13 - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_Kissinger *14 - http://www.thenation.com/blogs/capitalgames?bid=3=17 
Jared Diamond has an ambitious goal: explain the history of mankind globally. His thesis is quite simple: different people had different histories because of geographical (environmental), not innate (racial) differences. He presents, develops and defends his point of view brilliantly and forcefully. Some people remained hunters-gatherers, while others became masters of the world. The crucial factor in human history is food. The availability of materials (plants, animals) for domestication leads to the production of food surpluses in some geographical fertile regions, which allowed the feeding of specialists outside agriculture (craftsmen, warriors, bureaucrats, priests, kings). Intensive food production, population size and societal complexity stimulated each other as fewer peasants were needed to feed the whole population. Craftsmen developed maritime, military and industrial technology and warriors conquered new territories. Population growth generated a centralized organization (a state structure) for decision making (politics) and conflict resolutions (law). Domestication provided other cardinal advantages. Infectious diseases evolve from animal diseases. Through intimacy with animals people became immune. But, when not immunized populations came in contact with immunized, they were wiped out. Also, animals could be used as power engines and warrior transport means. Other important historical factors were those related to transmission of acquired knowledge: migration and, cardinally, writing. While hunter-gatherer groups remained more or less egalitarian, states with centralized governments generated great differences of wealth. They became ruled by elite which controlled nearly wholly (kleptocracy) or partially the manna of the state (the budget). But, how could the elite continue to control the masses? Jared Diamond sees 4 different solutions: arm the elite and disarm the masses, redistribution of wealth, impose public order and curb violence (police), construct ideology or religion to justify the kleptocracy. The author remarks judiciously that with the organization of the state the irrational beliefs of the population became institutionalized into an `official' religion. All in all, Jared Diamond's book is a magisterial and very revealing Darwinian essay about power problems and survival of the human species. A must read for all those interested in the history of mankind. 
John Katzenbach is an accomplished author and I had previously read and enjoyed another of his novels (The Analyst), so I was surprised at how bad The Shadow Man was. The premise of the plot is that four very old Jewish people, survivors of the Holecaust, believe they have seen the "Shadow Man". The Shadow Man was a Jew who joined forces with the Nazis to find Jews that were hiding to avoid certain doom in concentration camps. These four old people feared the Shadow Man more than anything. When one of them is killed, a retired police detective named Simon Winter looks into who the Shadow Man is. Meanwhile, the Miami police are also investigating the death of the elderly Jewish woman and have young gangster as a suspect. Eventually, Winter and the police and the District Attourney join to hunt the Shadow Man, a man of pure evil. As the book villian, it was hard to fear a villian who was a killer 50 years ago but was now in his 70s. Also, this book barely touches on WWII, yet purports at times to be a novel about WWII. I've read a lot of great WWII novels, and this book would have been great if it had been set in the 60s. But setting it present day with senior citizens and the main characters wasn't too exciting. It wasn't exciting primarily because I wondered where had the Shadow Man been all these years? Why was he starting to kill now? The Shadow Man had no motivation to kill. Finally, I realized I didn't like this book when I was skipping paragraphs at a time during the last 20 pages. The entire book was like this with each character prone to long rambling inner thoughts that really added nothing to the story. If you take away the WWII angle, this novel is bad. The WWII angle adds some excitement, but there are probably thousands of books out there that relate the horror of WWII better than this one does. The review from Publishers Weekly printed above summarizes my thoughts and deserves to be repeated..."Katzenbach (Just Cause) has some good Holocaust and WWII vignettes and pretty good cop-talk here, but the book is burdened by flat characterization, a slow pace, an odd, unsatisfying ending and a serious need for editing. 
"A Dirty Job" was my first Christopher Moore novel, and will probably be my last. I was captivated by the story line as I read the dust jacket, but found that the writing was not nearly as interesting. I thought the author spent way too many pages with humdrum matters of no real interest, and very little addressing the actual theme of the book. Although wanting to relate sympathetically to the book's hero, I just wasn't drawn in enough to care about him. The action began in the final quarter of the book, and you had better suspend reality before reading it. I actually couldn't wait for the book to end so I could move on to something more interesting 
This is the first book by Shaara I have read. And, if his other works are like this, it is also the last. On the cover, J. Persico is quoted as saying Shaara makes "literature read like history and history read like literature." He goes on to claim that Shaara brings the war to "pulsating life." I have even read a review that claimed this book was better than Remarque's All Quiet on the Western Front. I must have been reading a different book. The first chapter, The Replacement, is a great short story. After reading it, I had hight expectations for the book. Unfortunately, it falls apart after that great beginning and it is a dull affair that completely lacks any sense of a coherent narrative from a literary point of view. And, the history reads like an 8th grade textbook. His narrative style is unable to give life to people that actually lived. They are flatly presented and there is no sense of really caring about what happens to them. After the dislocated short story of the first chapter, the book delves into a long-winded story of the flying aces, interspersed with summaries of historic events that do little more than ruin the flow of the story. It frequently feels like the book is written for people who are unwilling to read a real history book. Shaara doesn't even begin dealing with the trench warfare of the war until the 1918's, when the Americans arrive, focusing, as I noted before, primarily on the air war that occurred in the first years of the war. I should point out that the air war would be interesting reading in a book of its own. Here, however, it seems more to reflect that the author did not deem the ground warfare fought by non-Americans worthy of a story. Or was too lazy to research the events enough to write about the ground war from the British or French perspective. And, I have no particularly problem with him focusing on the American perspective on the war, but then why bother with writing anything prior to our entry? I suppose a smaller book doesn't sell as well. For those interested in historical fiction, I would recommend Bernard Cornwall's work. And, perhaps, Shaara can learn a bit from him 
Period 
Mr. Friedman's book begins with an interesting thesis, defining morality and its definition within a context of economic growth. The idea that economic growth or stagnation effects the mindsets of the people living in that time period is a logical argument that Friedman often well supports with historical facts. However, the exceptions to his argument make me wonder if he really believes in his own thesis, or if he just felt the need to write a book. Furthermore, for every chapter in the book, there seem to be at least one or more flawed arguments or points that, with a little thorough thought or research, don't make sense or can easily be disproven. With these things being the case, I find Friedman's argument a little hard to buy. The entire book seems to build up to the final chapter, which Friedman uses to make policy recommendations that would aid in economic growth; this final chapter could have stood alone from the book entirely, however, because the evidence in the book an his arguments elsewhere in the book (ie. the importance of education) do not add or support his final policy recommendations. His policy recommendations could have easily been listed by students in an economics class as responses to the question "What should the government do to promote economic growth?" They don't push the argument forward or indicate anything that hasn't already been suggested in the past, nor do they give suggestions as to how to go about implementing his policies. 
As I was reading this book, I came across many poems that were far too sexually explicit for my taste, to name a few: "The First," "Early Images of Heaven" and "Full Summer." I found these poems to be highly offensive, and improper for the general audience. Had I been warned of the book's sexually explicit content ahead of time, I would not have read it. I believe that it should be so marked on the cover so potential readers know what they are getting into 
Bruce Schneier offers an excellent 'big picture' overview of the computer security field. From types of attacks, to algorithm security to security in the context of your data center, you get a full overview of the current practices and consequences arising from them. The author argues for security as a process, not a product; security is not something you can add to your product after the fact. Starting from the product specification, down to your last outsourced programmer, security has to permeate your organization for it to work. Building 'attack trees', relying on peer review and enforcing liability are all suggestions advanced by Bruce Schneier. Secrets and Lies is a well organized book with plenty of real world examples, problems and solutions. Buy a copy for yourself, and many more for everybody else you know, we will all benefit in the end. 
This is a fairly helpful book for those born before the '70s-- a time when "a yarn" wasn't an archaic term. Does it give some helpful hints? Sure, there's the obvious ones like show don't tell and all characters have free will. But fiction has changed a lot since Henry James (thankfully), and this book might be better left unread. Plus, I don't buy the "only people who aren't well-read don't like it" argument. I've read nearly all the books mentioned and I still wish I never bought this book 
This Bible dictionary is a one volume source for nearly everything associated with or found in the Bible. It covers the Bible cover to cover with personalities, places, themes, concepts, etc. Anyone who needs a resource for Bible studies or just for general knowledge will want to own this book. Church libraries should have it available for library users. This is an excellent resource. The editors chose authors who can write succinctly and clearly when they write on their subjects. Readers will appreciate the thoroughness as well as the readability of this book. I can't emphasize it enough. This book is a must have for anyone interested in the Bible 
This book was not your usual biography, where it lulls at certain points, the entire book was an enjoyable read. It covers his life from beginning to end and focuses on his character. 
This book is inexplicably influential, probably due to its catchy but ultimately meaningless title. Barber fails to convincingly analyze an interesting thesis, instead delivering an exasperating 300 page-long list of every single thing on Earth that he disagrees with. Barber contends that natural human political behavior results in smaller and smaller ethnic enclaves trying to separate themselves from the larger world, while unchecked global capitalism is erasing ethnic flavor with bowdlerized mass-culture sameness. Interestingly, Barber contends that these two contrary movements are actually in an unholy alliance, using each other's excesses as excuses for their anti-democratic behavior. That is a fascinating thesis, which makes the weaknesses of this book all the more infuriating. The first part of the book is an interminable tirade of lists within lists, of cultural trends that Barber disdains, in an avalanche of complaints that is not analytical but merely selective and arbitrary. It's all tied together with attempts at "edgy" pop culture references, made-up terminology (like the annoying "infotainment telesector"), and pseudo-intellectual quotations and namedropping. All is lumped together unconvincingly under the anemic term "McWorld," which is so vague and all-inclusive as to become meaningless. In his never-ending examples of how recent cultural trends are damaging the freedom and intelligence of the masses, Barber merely comes across as a condescending snob who thinks his own interests are superior, or a curmudgeon who thinks everything was better back in the good old days, or both. In the second part of the book, Barber proceeds to throw obtuse political science theories at various world hotspots, in which tribalism and separatism are damaging the integrity of nation-states. His umbrella term for this phenomenon is the dangerously loaded term "Jihad." Note that this book was published back in 1995, so that word was not as prevalent in Western discourse as it is now, but Barber still uses the term as a loose descriptor which is likely to offend both devout Muslims and ardent anti-Islamists. When it comes to the specifics, many reviews here and elsewhere list out the numerous flaws in Barber's arguments, and there are so many of them that a lot of reviews are necessary for the task. You can agree or disagree with various critiques of Barber's contentions based on your own personal politics. But everyone will probably conclude that in this book's final section he does not deliver on the ironic implications of his initially intriguing thesis (embodied in the book's title), and simply forwards borrowed theories on civil society and the public sector. Overall, this book is mostly the longwinded grumblings of a nostalgic know-it-all who portentously predicts doom for every single cultural and political reality of the modern world. [~doomsdayer520~ 
This book was very candid and well written. It shows that Bob primary goal was to build a business, and become rich and he succeed. The idea that he sold it as a media for African American pride is what got him in trouble. Pulley shows that it was strictly business Mr. Johnson need not so defensive, what he created made him rich, this book shows that wealth does not equal respect? Nevertheless he has $3 billion dollars and hopefully plenty of time to write a final chapter of which he can be prou 
This book is very disappointing. The writing is terrible and rather amateurish. The writer bored me, maybe something's lost in translation from French, I don't know. I already knew the killer the first time he was introduced in the book, although the writer tried to create red herrings which did not work. Mara sounds stupid, immature and inconsistent. Skip this book, it's not worth your time. Peter Mayle's mysteries set in France are way much better that this. At least his novels have sense of humor, suspense, very interesting characters and most important, they are very well written 
While entertaining, I found several times that the story slowed down and got a little preachy about the politics of drug money. While probably true it distracted from the story by being repeated and heavy handed. I also found the timeline hard to believe. Maybe because I have lived in the area and understand the distances (and traffic) travelled in short periods of time. I am a big Elizabeth Lowell fan (as well as Ann Maxwell) but this was not one of her better books 
Fabulously entertaining novel from Martin Amis which easily eclipses the rather depressing `Information.' John Self is a blatantly materialistic hedonist who works as a profitable director of commercials. He is an alcoholic, a misogynist, and a microcosm of mainstream American culture in the 1980's. John has also landed a gig directing a feature film, titled `Good Money,' and `Bad Money,' depending on what day of the week it is. Amis' writing is mordantly brilliant; both acerbic and biting. There are transactions in here that I just love, such as John's stinging interactions with his girlfriend Selina: " `I've just gone off sex,' said Selina this morning, as she finished the tea I fondly brought her. `So?' I asked her. `God, be nice. Use your imagination. It'll pass. I've just gone off sex.' Then what do you think is the point of you? I wanted to say. But I didn't. I resisted the temptation. I looked into the proud drama of her face, the valves and orbits of her throat, the wetlook runnels of her hair, the breasts, heavier than ever, solidly mounted on the ribcage, the naked slopes of the belly, the sudden flaring of the hips, a smell of sleep. `Then what do you think is the point of you?' `You', she said, `are unreal' (226). You should read Amis for his remarkable power of description, his talent for black comedy and middle-aged disillusionment. Pay little heed to his flights into post-modernity, they are merely exercises in literary chic. 
Owen does a remarkable job of making himself look like a complete jerk. He comes off as arrogant, showing little empathy towards Debra's problems earlier on in their marriage ( eating disorder, depression, social anxiety). He writes about very private matters in his book that have nothing to do with the legal trouble Debra was in, but instead are very embarrassing to her. He comes across as a husband with no compassion. It's ironic that he goes on and on about Debra's poor choices in boyfriends over the years, and how they were always so controlling of her....and then he goes on to tell us how mad he was because he was a tidy person and Debra didn't keep the house tidy...and he didn't approve of the way she dressed!! Seems to me that he was no different than the other guys she dated. He repeatedly reminds us of how smart he is, his GPA, jobs, earning potential, etc...but then admits that when they separated, he sticks Debra with the credit card bill that still had a balance from their wedding and honeymoon to pay off! He says it was in her name, so she can have it! Owen shows how little a man he really is in this book. Debra did have horrible things happen to her as a kid, and maybe if she could have married a man with compassion in his heart, she wouldn't have gone down the road she did. I feel very sorry for Debra after reading this book 
While I agree with several people who don't consider this chick-lit, I don't see why that is a bad thing. I enjoyed Radish's writing style, purple prose and all. If you're expecting a Dickensian journey into a complex character, this book is not it. However, it does provide a snapshot of a woman forced to assess her life and choose between the road less traveled and her current miserable life. Yes, the (positive and negative) circumstances of Meg's life were unrealistic, but I felt they were dramatized to make a point. We all have strong, kind, and amazing people in our lives, but we have to look for these things in people. I had an aunt just like Marcia, who fought her battles with a fantastic sense of humor, courage, and love for everyone around her. The message I took from this book is this - life can be all you want if you simply take the time to nourish your own strength and that of those around you. It doesn't take money to be powerful and satisfied with your life 
I really like this book it was well written and enjoyable.The characters in it were very interesting to read about. I like the way that Imogene and Maxine stayed friends all the way through the book. The two girls really seemed to bring out the best in each other.Maxine never thought Imogene was crazy because of the strange things that happened. Maxine just believed her and helped her through everything. Overall it was a well written book with very good characters and it showed what friendship really is 
This is a very famous and a very influential book. This was not the first time I checked the book out of the library but I now know much more about antidepressants and the related issues than I did when I first became familiar with Kramer's book. What I found on my quick survey of the book this time amazed me. This is not a book supported by research. It is a book of stories. The stories, one after the other, are about Kramer's patients (Kramer is a psychiatrist) and how taking Prozac dramatically transformed lives overnight. Consider these four examples. 1. Sam: "Sam not only recovered from his depression, he declared himself better than well. He felt unencumbered, more vitally alive, less pessimistic. Now he could complete projects in one draft, whereas before he sketched and sketched again. His memory was more reliable, his concentration keener. His memory was more reliable, his concentration keener. Every aspect of his work went more smoothly. He appeared more poised, more thoughtful, less distracted. He was able to speak at professional gatherings without notes.(Page x.) 2. Sally: After four months on Prozac, she looked brighter, calmer, self-assured, in control of herself. The most important effect of the medication, Sally felt was that it cleared her head...After ten months...she negotiated a small promotion and pay raise at a time when the bank was cutting back staff...More remarkable was the change to her private life. She started going to dances...(Page 147.) 3. William M: The patient's low self-esteem, which had been present since his earliest childhood, began to disappear...On medication William M. experienced a sense of self-worth superior to any he had felt before. (Page 203.) 4. Ms. B: For the first time in her memory she felt perfectly relaxed and happy sitting at home reading books or listening to music and felt less of the free-floating anxiety that was previously quelled by going out...Off Prozac, Ms. B. bar-hopped in search of men. Prozac moderated her sense of aloneness and allowed her to enjoy a variety of social settings. Dozens of other examples could be cited. The point is, this is essentially the book. It is a book which convinces the reader of the almost magic power of Prozac by sharing stories like these. What is disturbing is that I now know the truth. Research investigations have found that the power of antidepressants has increased dramatically. They are now more effective because our belief in the power of a pill to cure social shyness, anxiety, depression, and a bad temper has increased dramatically. We have come to believe, as Kramer puts it, "biology is destiny" (page xiv). No where does Kramer explain that the longest of the clinical trial used to get approval of Prozac to market was only 8 weeks long. No where does he share that a tranquilizer was given to study subjects and the other tricks used to make the effectiveness of the drug appear greater than it really is. The dangers of long-term use (diabetes, Parkinson's disease, permanent muscle jerking, etc.) are never discussed. (Of course, these problems were still unknown when Kramer wrote.) See Timothy Scott's wonderful, and unlike Kramer's book, carefully documented book America Fooled: The Truth About Antidepressants, Antipsychotics, and How We've Been Fooled to find the dangers as well as what does bring good mental health. Yes, this book has been influential. Thus, Kramer bears some of the responsibilty for the myth surrounding antidepressants. (They do not work as well as exercise even--numerous studies.) It's funny how, as our knowledge grows, a great book beomes a harmful book, but it is just that. 
If you liked Empire, you'll love Multitude. The authors and reviewers alike speak of Multitude as a follow up to Empire, but I think something very different is happening here. Hardt and Negri have pushed and pulled each other forward over a vast and forbidding territory, and in Multitude they have attained a height/depth of perception well beyond Empire. If you are attempting to learn your radicalism, or inform your progressivism, through Hardt and Negri, then you may see Multitude as continuing from and expanding Empire, and you may also join the chorus bemoaning the perceived digressiveness and discursiveness of both books. But what we actually have here are two attempts at the same fateful book: where Empire was the best try we had at the time, Multitude now succeeds. Where the digression in Empire circled around the feeling of our world-cultural hematopoiesis, the discursion in Multitude captures it. Fukuyama attempted to deal with Multitude in the July 25th NYT Book Review, and either utterly failed at, or purposefully decided to avoid, addressing the book qua philosophy. At this point in his apologizing for economists, it is hard to imagine that Fukuyama's name has ever been mentioned in the same breath as Hegel, or that he has ever actually read any of the German Idealists;- whereas with Hardt and Negri, we almost have that level of man among us again. For Fukuyama, history has indeed ended, because he has stopped feeling it and can now only move around his darkened signifiers. For Hardt and Negri, and for those who have read, listened, and felt their way into the great becoming that is world history, we are indeed not at its end, but at its very beginning. The chief problem with this book is that the English language, as a field of common meaning, is not up to handling this level of thought anymore. (E.g., the very British cheery insufficiency of George Monbiot's 'Manifesto for a New World Order'.) Hardt and Negri wrote Multitude in English, but were thinking in German, that neoplatonic lego of a language. So, if you consider yourself progressive but can't get the feeling and sweep of Multitude, then trash your TV, stop reading anything written after 1930 for a few years, then come back to it. You will find you have become allergic to CNN, but you will also find that - finally - you can *feel* what the world and her history are all about. 
Finally there is a solution to the problem of world poverty! Yunnus has proven, by the success of his bank's loans to the desperately poor, that the poor are masters of survival and the best equipped to pull themselves out of poverty given the right tools and support. Founder of the Grameen Bank, he and his collaborators in many coutries throughout the world (including the US and Canada) have shown that lending to the poor, helping them realize their own potential and giving them the support network they need to succeed is having dramatic results wherever it is tried. Yunnus' book is inspiring and an eye-opener. It made me realize that professionals working in large international charity organizations cannot bring about genuine change unless their offices and employees live and work among the people they are trying to help. It's hard to separate the book from the idea. One is as fascinating as the other. Out of 5 points, I give it a six 
Dr. Oz is an accomplished heart surgeon in the field of cardiac transplantation. He describes how he combines complementary medicine (e.g. hypnosis, reflexology, yoga, message, acupuncture. Etc) with orthodox Western medicine. There is an excellent forward by Dr Dean Ornish, and an interesting epilogue containing an overview of the complementary medicine techniques. The bulk of the book contains stories of patients Dr. Oz treated using this revolutionary way. I am a cardiologist, and I have a great interest in combining western medicine with complementary medicine, which is the reason I bought this book. However this book was a bit boring to read and was also a bit of a disappointment. Nevertheless, those interested in this new medicine, which I think will be the medicine of the new millennium, will want to read this book 
TRUMAN CAPOTE's wrote THE GRASS HARP early in his career and it is an often overlooked gem. This sweet, eccentric, moving and decidedly southern tale is the leisurely paced story of the repercussions that ensue when three townfolk decide to up and run away to live in a treehouse on the outskirts of town. Three quickly becomes five and eventually swells to even more as the makeshift home becomes a sort of paradise and refuge where stories are shared, closeness is established, and love blooms....think FLANNERY O'CONNOR meets SWISS FAMILY ROBINSON with a dash of STEEL MAGNOLIAS. Themes of finding one's place and path and making oneself known are skillfully woven into the narrative. It has the feel of a fantastic and utterly charming myth. Primary assets are the "thick as molasses" southern mood and syntax as well as a bevy of unforgettable characters. 
I listen to books on tape constantly and when you get a reader and a story that can take you away, it is a find! Nothing annoys me more than a poor or monotoned reader or one who places inflections in inappropriate places, like news readers. I loved the sound effects coupled with an excellent reader and the two added to the experience of listening to this book. I also liked that the story was partly done in first person. The main character initially doesn't seem to have much to offer the world..... Anyway, there are others who have diagramed the story, I just wanted to say, I enjoyed it and the way it was presented in audio version. 
A writer for the Irish Echo said this book should have been titled "The Protocols of the Elders of Erin." It was written around the time Al Smith was running for president and appealed to the nativist, anti-Catholic prejudices of upstate New York and America at that time. While there really were gangs in that era, most of New York's immigrants were busy building hospitals and schools like St. Vincent's, Fordham, St. John's, Manhattan and Manhattanville. The vast majority of the city's population including its immigrants didn't riot in 1863. In fact New York City's 200,000 soldiers and sailors, more than half of whom were immigrants, won over 100+ Medals of Honor during America's Civil War. It's a tribute to the persistence of prejudice that this book isn't more widely recognized as the nasty practical joke that it is 
This book was originally published ca 1980 as England and Always. I have not seen the original so I can't tell how much of this book is new material (beyond a chapter dealing with Peter Jackson's films). Lobdell has examined Tolkien's writings from several interesting and unusual perspectives. One of the most interesting deals with the influence of Edwardian adventure fiction (Haggard, etc.) on Tolkien. Another fascinating chapter deals with Middle Earth as a Christian world in a pre-Christian age. There is also a short fiction story in an Appendix which is meant to be a sort of parallel to Tolkien's own abandoned sequel to The Lord of the Rings, The Return of the Shadow. I enjoyed this story, though of course Lobdell as a fiction writer cannot measure up to Tolkien. (But then, no one can!) I am a long time Tolkien reader and addict (since the age of 12 in 1969.) Most of the time I do not care for Tolkien "criticism" and "literary analysis", which to me seems to suck out the magic, but Lobdell's work is different. The World of the Rings enhances Middle Earth and intensifies the love I feel for it 
I agree with another reviewer who said the book was unnecessarily long. Genetic Algorithms are a great programming tool, and there are some tips and tricks that can help your programs converge faster and more accurately, but this book had a lot of redundant information. If you are interested in using GA for solution-finding, I doubt you'll find much useful in this book beyond the first chapter or so. Many of the examples later in the book were so specific that I couldn't see how they could be usefully generalized. Really optimizing a GA approach for a specific problem domain takes a fair amount of tuning, and this book won't help much with that. I think time spent surfing siteseer or other publication sites would be better spent than reading this book. 
I have read all of Van Gulik's murder mysteries and this is has to be my favorite. The characters are intriguing and some sinister. The end is satisfying and bittersweet, challenging integrity vs justice. I would, however, recommend you read the others first (chronological is good, Chinese Gold Murders is first) to get to know the main characters although this book can stand on on its own 
I LOVED this story it was enriched with so many lessons, emotions, and detail that you felt like you were right there with Lous and Oz. I would recommend this story to any one!! 
It was Mark Twain who popularized the aphorism of Benjamin Disraeli that there are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics. I kept hearing all these marvelous things about FREAKONOMICS, a book by Steven Levitt and Stephen Dubner, so when I ran across it at 25% off, I did a stupid freakin' thing and bought it. I thought, What the freak, I've got a pretty inquisitive mind and I'm open to seeing things differently, to discovering new viewpoints. The doubt started early when I got the book home and I first noticed the glowing comments on the dust jacket from the likes of Time, The New York Times, The Washington Post, and The Los Angeles Times. When all of the liberal news agencies are lining up to tell me how wondrous a certain publication is, I'm immediately going to be freakin' suspicious. Author Malcolm Gladwell tells us on the cover, "Prepare to be dazzled." Well, evidently Ol' Malcolm is dazzled a whole lot easier than I am. (I won't even mention the smug mug of Stephen Dubner that taunted me from the book's dust jacket because I don't want you to get the idea that I judge a book by its cover. Or in this case, a writer by his physiognomy. So I won't mention that.) If you're the kind of person who is amazed to learn that 70% of auto accidents occur within 10 miles of a driver's home, then you just MIGHT be dazzled by FREAKONOMICS. If I tell you that the company that issues its 5-day-a-week employees only 3 uniform shirts, thinking that it is cutting costs, is probably increasing its overhead, and this fact astounds you - if you must ask "But how?" - then yes, buy FREAKONOMICS and be dazzled. Mostly what FREAKONOMICS offers (when its conclusions can be trusted) is just what we used to call "common sense." But since America has been reduced to a bunch of corpulent, brain-dead zombies staring vacuously at that box of SURVIVORS, and AMERICAN IDOLS, and LOST knuckleheads, good old-fashioned common sense now appears to dazzle the dead (when you can sever them from that box and put a real book in their hands, that is). I dove into FREAKONOMICS hoping to find my purchase worthwhile. I got no further than page 13 when my fears were realized: everything would require second-guessing and verifying. On that page, Smug Mug tells us (based on a single report by the Institute Of Medicine) that "drinking eight glasses of water a day has never actually been shown to do a thing for your health." Fortunately, I read YOUR BODY'S MANY CRIES FOR WATER by Doctor F. Batmanghelidj over a decade ago so I already knew what a bunch of bunk that was. In chapter 4, Smug Mug "proves" that legalizing abortion in 1973 with the Roe v. Wade decision was responsible for a national drop in the crime rate. This represents the centerpiece of his book, both literally and ideologically. The first thing the reader must accept is that there really has been a significant drop in crime since the early 1990s. On page 92, the author acknowledges that the police in Atlanta were discovered to be underreporting crime in the early `90s in hopes of landing the 1996 Olympics. Well, would police forces nationally have an incentive to underreport crime generally if it has actually dramatically increased since the `90s as predicted? True, being honest might be means to an increased budget, but it sure would make your department appear inept and unable to maintain control. And surely the Chamber Of Commerce and the big business interests would frown on that public perception. Let me ask, do YOU actually feel you're less likely to be the victim of a crime now than you did in the early 1990s? That's funny, me neither. There's so much crime now that some of what was once reported to the police agencies goes unreported, and recently, an ex-police officer friend told me that cops can no longer engage in some of the micro-policing they were able to do in the `80s and `90s because crime is so out-of-control now. In dismissing other possible factors responsible for the huge drop in crime (if this claim is a verity), Dubner states that increased police personnel accounts for only 10% of the drop. Having a bit more insight into the nature of police work than does the average civilian, it's funny that I find myself even contending with the stats Smug Mug uses that actually WORK AGAINST his theory: I believe the wide-scale hiring of police officers since the early `90s could have impacted the crime rate only minimally - less than the 10% - while actually increasing the municipal coffers via traffic citations significantly. And Dubner concludes that right-to-carry firearm laws "simply don't bring down crime." (Be sure to read the utterly fascinating book, GUNFIGHTERS, HIGHWAYMEN VIGILANTES by Roger D. McGrath, for a decidedly different and scholarly viewpoint!) In dismissing all explanations for the unexpected drop in crime except legalized abortion, I didn't notice any mention of the tremendous increase in homeschooling and the proliferation of private schools since the early `90s, and I wonder if that might have some statistical bearing. Ya think? Yes, I think Smug Mug is selective. He calls some abortions a "crude and drastic sort of insurance policy." Not "immoral." Not "sinful." But then I didn't expect Smug Mug to call a sin a sin. And even if Levitt and Dubner's hypothesis is correct, that abortions have lowered crime, the fact remains that not every aborted child would have eventually murdered an innocent person, but every aborted child was an innocent person murdered. So why are we even discussing this? I'll tell you why: because the pro-choice folks can feel a slightly shifting consensus, and now they're pulling out all the stops, trying to "statistically" convince the masses that they're safer with all those unborn potential criminals missing. I find this repulsive! (And there are studies indicating that those missing people have, and will continue to have, a negative economic impact on society.) I won't even go into chapter 5, What Makes A Perfect Parent? Suffice to say that as usual (surprise! surprise!) all the statistics Dubner employs nearly always seem to confirm the rightness of the liberal dogma on each issue. Funny how those crunched numbers always crunch conservative beliefs. Just know that if you're a working mother, you haven't cheated your child in the least, but if you're a dad who thinks that an occasional spanking is in order, you are "unenlightened." If your kid is watching lots of TV, it isn't turning the "child's brain to mush." (No word on whether or not it's turning his/her morals to mush though.) And the studies (that we are called to pay attention to) show "that a child's character wasn't much affected whether or not he was sent to day care, whether he had one parent or two, whether his mother worked or didn't, whether he had two mommies or two daddies or one of each." (I've often wondered what might have happened to me if my Mom, who was home most of the time, hadn't been there to hammer the dangers of drugs into my head day after day, year after year, while I was growing up in the `60s and `70s.) I've given FREAKONOMICS two stars because I did find the section on the naming of children very interesting, as well as the story of Stetson Kennedy's fight against the "three Ks." But if you're smarter than I am, you'll borrow this book from your library rather than paying money for it. Economically speaking, that's just "common cents." 
If you are planning to become a landlord, buy this essential book before you purchase a rental property or hang that "For Rent" sign in front of your house. A healthy dose of legal reality will counterbalance any easy money ideas you may have and help you decide whether the work and risk involved in being a landlord is how you would like to make money. The legal concepts you learn may even influence which properties you buy and how you maintain them. If you are already a landlord, keep this book at your finger tips. The information is well organized and easy to find for quick reference. Legal concepts are presented in plain language and illustrated with scenarios showing how the concepts might play out in real life. The authors make dry legal topics as interesting as possible. Add the urgency of knowing a legal misstep could land you on the wrong side of a lawsuit, and you will find yourself eagerly turning these pages 
Joe Pickett's daily life is not as enjoyable as it once was. His wife now has a successful business and brings home a lot more money than he does, and there's still the temptations both of them thought about while Joe was away at Jackson hanging over their marriage. His relationship with his fast growing up daughter Sheridan is not what it once was and his new boss is doing everything he can to make Joe's life a misery. Throw in a civil war between Saddlestring's largest family and the appearance of, after along term behind bars bloodthirsty J. W. Keeley, who will not stop at anything until he has avenged his daughter's (Joe's stepdaughter's) death through the slow and torturous murder of Joe Pickett, and one way or another the era of Saddlestring's game warden is set to end. C.J. Box's Joe Pickett adventures seem to very in style with each novel. The initial Open Season was a surreal not quite but almost Carl Hiaasen type novel, then Savage Run turned the series into a more traditional thriller type of adventure. Trophy Hunt introduced a very far fetched paranormal element into the series and as many, I was glad when Out of Range returned this series to the traditional believable realistic type thriller, a style which continues with In Plain Sight. I would strongly suggest reading these books in order, starting with Open Season as parts of previous novels are given away in subsequent ones and In Plain Sight is certainly no exception to that. It will be interesting to see if C.J. Box continues with the characters of this series in some form or another or if his next book will be a totally different kind of adventure. 
I enjoy this work, lots of fresh observations and connections.... but having read it in the light of recent trends in the e-biz world, it sounds thin and delusional...a lot like Tom Peters after way too much espresso. There ARE consequences from CONTINUALLY embracing change...and, in my experience ALL of them are BAD. I wonder on what real-world EXPERIENCE Mr. Kelly bases his thinking. My advice, embrace chaos and change, but do it VERY CAREFULLY...because it will definitely have consequences. Truth Beauty! -Bv 
I was a reasonably big fan of the "Wizard of Oz" when I was a kid. I'd seen the Judy Garland film, the "Return to Oz" film, my parents had taken me to a theatre production, and there used to be a cartoon series about Dorothy and her friends that I quite liked. Here in Australia, though, you don't see an awful lot of the Wizard of Oz books, and I missed out on all that as a kid. I managed to find a copy just recently of the the original story, and I really liked it. It's really a shame I couldn't find it earlier. Dorothy is a girl who lives with her aunt and her uncle in the countryside of Kansas. In the midst of a "cyclone", Dorothy, her dog Toto, and her whole house are swept away to the Land of Oz, a beautiful but strange world full of all sorts of interesting creatures, good and bad witches, and a very famous wizard. Dorothy tries to find her way home, and on the way makes many new friends, like the Scarecrow, "Tin Woodsman" and the cowardly lion. Will she ever make it home? It's rather different to the movie, I found. For one, the journey Dorothy and her friends go on takes many days, whereas the in the Judy Garland film it seems to all take place much shorter. The magic shoes Dorothy picks up in Oz are silver here, and not ruby red like in the film. There are also a lot of other creatures and things in the book, like the queen of the mice, the Hammerheads, and the Dainty China people. Though the world of Oz seems pretty big in the film, it feels a lot bigger to me in the book. Oz has a nice atmosphere too, I thought. It's very cosy and familiar, and kind of evokes a kind of America the way that say C.S. Lewis and J.R.R. Tolkien evokes a kind of Britain, if that makes any sense. North, south, east, west... in Oz's every direction there's a new land to explore. You never know who you might meet, or how they'll do things there. I quite like how laid back everyone is in Oz. The way the Munchkins and the people of the Emerald City speak, for instance. I enjoyed finding out things about my favorite characters too, like how the Tinman became made of tin and how the flying monkeys became slave to the wicked witch of the west, which is all described here. That reminds me, there is a little bit of fairy tale violence here, but nothing worse than you might find in "Little Red Riding Hood". All in all, a great read, I thought. Whimsical, colourful and fun. I do hope I can get my hands on some of the follow up books. Good thing there's amazon 
I bought this book to try to learn some useful poses for my subjects, and given most other people's ratings, I decided to give it a try. However, upon opening the book my first thought was, "these all look like high school yearbook photos", which is exacltly what they are. It seems that that's primarily what type of photography the author does and his book is geared almost exclusively to that market. His main concern, which he stresses throughout the book, is creating a "saleable picture", and he keeps emphasizing the importance of pleasing mom, since she's usually the one with final say over the pictures. A better title for this book would have been, "How To Take High School Senior Pictures". Even then, most of the pictures are not very good, both in their original execution and in their print quality for this book. In addition, the poses are unnatural and awkward looking, and the book is filled with typos and grammatical errors. To be fair, the author does suggest some useful basics of things to do and things not to do when posing a subject, but there is really very little useful information here. So, if you're interested in learning how to take pictures that look like a Sears portrait, this may be the book for you. However, if you really want to learn some useful techniques for posing your subjects in a more natural or more artistic manner, I'd steer clear of this book 
After having read and loved Howard Pyle's 1968 Classic Press edition of "The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood" I was quite disappointed with "The Story of King Arthur and His Knights". Whereas Pyle brilliantly brought his characters to life in "Robin Hood", the characters of "King Arthur" seem flat and lifeless by comparison. The King Arthur stories read like little more than a description of events; one doesn't really get a feeling of being there while things are happening as in "Robin Hood." The dialogue seems much more realistic in "Robin Hood", but I think there's more to it. The writing style in "King Arthur" I'd characterize as prosaic---in sharp contrast to the charming, poetic style of writing in "Robin Hood." 
This is a must read for EVERY woman married or single who desires to have a better relationship with the men in their lives. We all have men in our lives husband, father, brother, son, friend or coworker with whom the relationship is worth improving. Keep in mind this is neither a marriage book nor a psychology book. It is a book about men written for the women who truly care about them and the relationships they have with men. There is a companion book written about women for men appropriately titled, "For Men Only." Perhaps those who were offended by this book should give that one a try. I found this book to be both touching and challenging. Very Good book!!! 
Again... early King is the best King. This book is so good you'll read it back to back 
Can anyone tell me if the book words on the vine has an answer key with it? Thanks. sgra 
the author lives in a dream world and is not in touch with the business work environment of today. Her advice is old-fashioned and out-of-date. Many better textbooks on Ethics available 
Ive read mixed reviews on this book and though i had to make my own mind up. I first bought the book, 120pages later i realised that i had no clue what was going on, so i bought the audiobook (5 hours later i was still thinking what the hell is going on). Now im stephen kings No1 fan and have loved the majority of his work, the talisman for me was a fantastic bolt on to the dark tower quest. So naturally i thought this would be the same. The book is one of the slowest drawn out books ive ever came accross, not a patch on previous work. I forced myself through the book expecting more, and im sorry to say this one doesnt deliver on any horror, excitment etc, do yourself a favour, get a tin of paint and watch it dry - more happens in that and at a much quicker pace than it does in this book. This book is for die hard fans only... but even diehards will find this a chore 
This book is essentially about how culture is used to promote the interest of stronger, imperial powers. Said condemns intellectuals in the West who in his eyes are "agents of exploitation". Yet Said himself is an agent of racism. A Pan Arabist, he always supported Arab unity and "Islam" at the expense of non-Arab and non-Moslem peoples. Said directs and manipulates the Western taste for self criticim, and all that does is deflect the world's attention from Arab and Moslem attrocities committed against Christians, Kurds, Jews, Israelis, Coptic Christians, non-Arab Sudanese, etc. Thus, reading Said, you would never realize that Sadam Hussein's poisoning of the Kurds has never been condemned by one Arab intellectual or leader. This is because a racist prevalent attitude in the Arab mind is that the entire Middle East should be Arab. This also explains the attitude towards Israel, a country that is predominantly non-Moslem and speaks a Middle Eastern language other than Arabic. The pity is that Said himself is a Christian, yet he never spoke on behalf of Coptic Christians in Egypt, or the right of Christians to practice their faith in Saudi Arabia and probably other places in the Arab World. He is facilitating the overall aim of PanArab Nationalists by distracting the West from what is happening in the Arab world. For a better understanding of relations between the West and Islam, I recommend books by Bernard Lewis, such as "The Moslem Discovery of Europe" and the "Jews of Islam". I also recommend books by the Egyptian scholar and Jewish refugee Yael Bat Yeor, such as "The Dhimmi". 
Using this book and CD-ROM depends upon being able to download the customized settings, so that the reader's PhotoShop, for example, behaves the same way as the author's PhotoShop. However, my system repeatedly hung up on that section of the download from the CD-ROM. Furthermore, this author doesn't start at a "dummies" level by defining the terms that he uses throughout the lessons, so I had trouble following along. Overall, this wasn't much help for me in my quest to learn PhotoShop from a baseline of complete ignorance 
Now that Hannity has gone on the record as a pedofilia apologist and defender of child molestation. "Thank God for Hannity!" -Lee Krock, founder of NAMBL 
First, the strengths: Andrew gives intelligent summaries and discussion of some major historical film theorists, with chapters on Munsterberg, Arnheim, Eisenstein, Balazs, Kracauer, Bazin, Mitry, Metz, and Ayfre, and Agel. He focuses on the debate between the formalists (who believe film art is defined by its formal properties including editing, framing, mise-en-scene, lighting, and etc.) and the realist tradition (who believe that film art is defined by its basis in photography, a physical impression of its subject). The highlight is undoubtedly Andrew's excellent discussion of the great French critic Andre Bazin, which is not surprising since Andrew's Ph.D thesis was on Bazin. The weaknesses: This was published in 1976, and so it completely ignores the vast body of criticism published since then, especially feminism, and the influence of Lacan and psychoanalytic theory. Still, this is not a bad starting point for students of film theory 
Having patronized Boulevard all but twice, I still feel the need to write a review. You have to understand that those of us "Back East" think that California food is understated and so easy. Now not being a huge chef myself, but cooking a bit and doing some experimentation and emulation of real chef's recipes (my fave restaurants being of course, Boulevard, and back east, 2941, Le Tire Bouchon, Maestro, Citronelle DC, Galileo, Inn at Little Washington, etc.). I have no clue where I'd get some of the ingredients in this cookbook, other than maybe the San Francisco Ferry building's fabulous farmer's market (another real SF treat!). But to be real, we have to sometimes improvise on ingredients. Do what you can with what you have locally and you might be surprised. Now I was spoiled with a fabulous waiter at Boulevard who asked the chef to let me know what was in one of the recipes and I have her handwriting -- just ingredients, no measurements. And yes, I've been able to improvise, and her very treasured scribe is in my own personal collection of "recipes." But nothing is better than going to the restaurant. Cookbooks are fab and fun, but getting the realy cooked food directly from the professionals (herselves) are even more exciting. Buy this book even just for the photographs, as I've never been in a more well-decorated and well-thought-out restaurant. If only I didn't live on the East Coast! 
I decided to read this book because I enjoyed Dr. O'Connor's book, Undoing Depression so much. I am delighted to report that Undoing Perpetual Stress is an even better book. What is perpetual stress like? The metaphor that Dr. O'Connor uses is that of an impala who thinks there's a cheetah behind every rock. The flight or fight response is never at rest . . . and the poor impala's health is soon destroyed. Dr. O'Connor argues that our over stimulating world creates the same kinds of stress from unseen "threats" as the world goes whizzing by at 75 miles per hour. In the book, he describes the sources of the stress, how stress undermines your body, immune system, brain and mind, and what you can do to put the stress comfortably in the background. This book will appeal to those who are stressed out, those who experience anxiety and depression at the same time, those who love such people, and those who want to better understand the mind-body connection based on the latest scientific research. Undoing Perpetual Stress is filled with many helpful exercises that will help even those who don't think they have too much stress. One of the best from my perspective was taking a psychological snapshot of yourself every five years . . . and spotting what was wrong with your life at each stage. I was astonished to realize how many memories I had repressed, but which are still influencing my psychology. And Dr. O'Connor is good about reminding you to "practice, practice, practice" the exercises and his advice. I have been a meditator for over ten years, and this book helped me to gain a lot of perspective on what the meditation is helping and what it is not. While I have eliminated a lot of the background noise, I haven't dealt with a lot of old issues. It was helpful to find out what those issues are . . . and what to do about them. I found that my creativity and mind were suddenly freed by the process. For parents, there's a lot of new information here on how various parenting methods influence a child over a lifetime. It's a lot better than what you read in that first book about how to be a parent. Check it out! This book should be required reading for anyone who finishes high school 
I ordered this book and read most of it in the hope that I would learn something about Familiars . In the interval between ordering and receiving my sixth sense made me begin to have doubts about Ms Little . Had she flown about the battlements of an old castle in the form of an Owl? Had she entertained A Hyrax or a Feral Cat as a house guest ? Had she ever had a pet Bat living behind a picture in the living room ? Was she acquainted with the properties of Henbane and twylight sleep and did she number Hecate among her close friends? The kindest thing , I thought was to suggest that Ms Little Knew as much about Familiars as I know about Conveyancing or Futures Trading , and let it go at that 
Fear nothing is about Christopher Snow, whose parents die in supposedly innocent ways, but Chris soon finds out that what is seems is not really what it is, and even that his little town of Moonlight Bay is stranger, and scarier, than he thought. Chris then sets out with his friends, and his dog, to find out the truth about what's really going on. Fear Nothing is a good plot written in typical Koontz style. Fear nothing grabs you from the beginning and holds you all the way through. It keeps you guessing and just when you think you have it figured out, it throws something new at you and makes you guess some more. Koontz creates some very likable characters and by the end of the story, you like them, and feel as if you know them. Fear Nothing is very descriptive, Koontz describes his locations so well you feel like you're in them, and experiencing the plot right next to the main character. I have not read the sequel, but I am anxious to do so. 
I had read a book about the French and Indian war, one about the revolution and also the recent best seller,1776. I found The War That Forged a Nation an excellant addition to my understanding of this important period in American history. I would highly recommend it. Very readable 
Not insightful, not even humorous. I am willing to admit that maybe I just don't get his writing style, whatever that might be. I hope Mr. Rakoff gets into a new line of wor 
While this is a well researched and thought-provoking piece of literature, I do have some critical comments to make. Firstly, it is apparent that the author's own holocaust experiences (or more specifically, those of his family) have left him with a vested interest in how the material in this book is presented. Secondly, there is a LOT of content to trawl through to get, in my opinion, a few pieces of interesting material. Finally, the underlying theme or accusation that without IBM the holocaust may not have happened, or would not have been so sever, is (again in my opinion) flawed. As the book shows, IBM certainly made it much easier for the Nazis to locate and identify Jews, it would not have been impossible without IBM. Having said all this - it was an interesting read and although overly wordy is certainly worth reading 
This is my favorite Jonathan Kellerman novel. The book focuses on a disturbing story about Munchausen's Disease by Proxy. This book so quickly caught my interest, that I ended up doing my psych 101 paper on this disease. I had not heard of this disorder when I read the book. It was disturbing, intense, and tore away at your heart. I would definitely recommend this book! Munchausen's Disease seems to have become a more popular topic since I read this book. I have seen countless documentaries on, and it was also featured in the newest episode of House. It is a disturbing, yet intriguing disease, and this book delves straight into the ugliest form of it, Munchausen's Disease by Proxy 
Fuller offers an insightful blend of battlefield detail and the broader causes and effects for each engagement presented. He avoids one of the major shortcomings I have with a lot of other military history authors: bogging the reader down in pedantic minutiae. 
Charlie Bone isn't your typical nine-year-old boy. Although he didn't know that himself. But when photographs get mixed up and he ends up with a picture of a man and a little girl that talks to him, he knows everything that was normal about his life is gone forever. Tracking down the picture, Charlie finds out it belongs to Miss Ingledew, a woman who owns a bookshop and has been looking for her missing niece for years. She gives Charlie a mysterious package (that he can't open) and sets him on his journey that will change everything in his world. As it turns out, Charlie is one of the descendants of the Red King, a mysterious person who had wondrous magical powers who went into hiding. The Red King's children have been equally divided between good and evil ever since. At Bloor's Academy, Charlie finds friends and enemies, and the challenge of his lifetime as he tracks down secrets others don't want revealed. Jenny Nimmo is the author of five books in the Charlie Bone series and has written several other children's books and fantasies. Many people compare Charlie Bone to Harry Potter, and that's a good comparison. But the two series are different. Harry's family is really non-supportive, but Charlie has a loving mother, a doting grandmother, and Uncle Paton, who turns out to be something of a hero. The book is a fun, fast-paced whirlwind of mysteries, magic, and friendship. Even at 400 pages, it feels like it's over much too soon. There are a few jarring instances where the point-of-view was disconnected, moving from one character and one scene into another without warning. They were easily overlooked due to the pacing of the story, but noticeable all the same. Fans who are waiting for the next Harry Potter book who haven't tried the Charlie Bone series are encouraged to do so. Charlie's story, although similar, has much to offer in reading excitement 
In today's world, various forms of parochialism have a dialectical relationship with the homogenizing influences of globalizing consumer capitalism. These forms of parochialism may be ethnic, "cultural," religious, nationalistic, etc., depending on where you look. On one hand, ancient forms of identity continue to define in-groups and out-groups; on the other hand, multinational corporations elide these differences as they operate in a wider and wider worldwide marketplace. Example: the Turks and the Armenians hate each other and even partly define themselves by this ancient conflict ("Jihad" is Barber's label for this); yet they see the same Pepsi ads and do the same kinds of work in their local Pepsi bottling plants ("McWorld" is Barber's label for this). That's the book. This might be a useful resource for writers of term papers who need to endnote something fairly obvious. Outside of that, it would take an observer from another planet to find this book's insights novel or pointed. If you're new to planet Earth, by all means pick up a copy. It will catch you up on a few useful truisms. As others have pointed out, the "terrorism's challenge to democracy" subtitle seems intended to capitalize on 9/11, but doesn't accurately reflect the book's content. "Jihad" is deployed as a synecdoche in this book; Muslim extremism is just one of the book's many examples of parochialism 
Several reviews of this book, published elsewhere, stress the contents of Rossi's analysis were more focused toward the skeptical side of Egyptian math and construction methods. Rossi, therefore is being fairly depicted as publishing new information within unproven paradigms. On the math side, Rossi mentions Fibonacci's algorithm and phi, two paradigms that clearly were not used in ancient Egypt, though many like to suggest that they were. The Fibonacci algorithm idea was introduced after 1891 and J.J. Sylvester's skeptical views of the RMP's 2/nth table, are reference point to 1202 AD and the Liber Abaci, but not a reference point of Egypt. Egypt used more subtle ideas like http://egyptianmath.blogspot.com and http://akhmimwoodentablet.blogspot.com . Yet, Hultsch in 1895 clearly showed that Ahmes in 1650 BC easily wrote out 2/p series into short and concise unit fraction series using a very simple partitioning method (as Ahmes wrote out n/p answers in his 'false position' algebra problems, ie. 5/19 written out in a long awkward series using 1/12th as the first partition, as he did for 2/19, as describe a couple paragraphs below. Ahmes wrote 5/19 per, 5/19 - 1/12 = (60 - 19)/(12*19) = (38 + 2 + 1)/(12*19) or, 5/19 = 1/6 + 1/12 + 1/114 + 1/228). Clearly modern scholars (two being Robins-Shute) have often suggested that 'false supposition' was used by Ahmes, hinting that Ahmes guessed at his answers. Ahmes never guessed! Ahmes' answers were always exact when he worked with rational numbers. Moderm scholars were the ones that had guessed, and missed, finding Ahmes deeper methods. Interestingly no scholar, until very recently, has claimed to have read Ahmes' shorthand notes. Modern scholars had sadly filled inlogical gaps left by Ahmes with their own intellectual guesses - many of which have been proven to be wrong (as Rossi had not learned, since he referenced none of the controversial Eguptian fraction and weights and measures issues). Bruins also discovered the Hultsch method in 1945, and today the method is named the Hultsch-Bruin method. It says that 2/p = 1/A + (2A -p)/Ap where A, a highly divisible number selected in the range p/2 A p with the divisors of A uniquely added to (2A -p) thereby solving (2A-p)/Ap. Example, 2/19 = 1/12 + (24 -19)/(12*19) = 1/12 + (3 + 2)/(12*19) = 1/12 + 1/76 + 1/114 with the (4 + 1) alternative being discarded since its last denominator was too large. Rossi also mentions that Egyptian division may have followed an inverse operation of its multiplication 'doubling' method. Here also Rossi did not seen the simple remainder arithmetic found in RMP #62 where 100/13 = 7 + 9/13 = 7 + 2/3 + 1/39. Generally Ahmes and all scribes divided by this Q = quotient and R = remainder method. The Akhmim Wooden Tablet even shows a special method for grain and volume division where a hekat unity 64/64 was divided by n, with n 64, as (64/64)/n = Q/64 + R/(n*64) Even more interesting, Ahmes also used this method to divide 100 hekat by 70, with his final form matching the Akhmim Wooden tablet's special use of ro = 1/320th of a hekat, by: (6400/64)/70 = 91/64 + 30/(70*64) and introducing ro = 1/320 of a hekat, = (1 +16 + 8+ 2 + 1)/64 = (150/70)* 1/320 = 1+ 1/4 + 1/8 + 1/32+ 1/64 + (2 + 1/7)*ro I'll not go on and discuss Rossi' view of Egyptian architecture being the above her standard Cambridge skeptical comments. Overall, many accept Rossi's view as informative, and I do as well, in limited areas. However, on the math side of Rossi's quick use of a Sylvester's and other recent skeptical techniques, all disproven years ago, shows that her Cambridge training needs to be expanded to read the Egyptian mathematical texts. Clearly Ahmes and his brother/sister scribes are the only experts that should guide our understanding of Egyptian math. 
This is a terrific book for young and older children. It is a fun way to demonstrate why we need a universal form of measurement. 
Woolf's style of writing (changing between several characters' thoughts) causes difficulty for one to follow this novel on audio. The paperback proved to be easier for me. 
This book provides the reader with a clear, basic understandingof the grounding of popular opinion regarding gay life during the last50 years. While the history is too rich and detailed to be dealt within a book with this scope, this is a remarkably readable and valuable thumbnail of the currents of the public discourse on gay life, and should provide any reader with an understanding of how crucial and new gay civil rights really are. I only hope that it will inspire others whose experience of being gay is a relatively new one to realize how important political activism and community still is. Not only that, a very engaging read 
I originally wrote a review of this book in 1999, titled "This is a racist book disguised as a work of art." It seems that I didn't explain well enough my objection to Styron's co-opting of the story of a real human being, Nat Turner, whose story was more accurately depicted in the 1831 book, "The Confessions of Nat Turner," by T.R. Gray. Not only did Styron steal the title of Gray's book, in which Gray recounts his interview with the real Nat Turner, but the incidents Styron invents for the sake of drama reveal his southern-bred racism. Unlike his depiction in Styron's book, Nat Turner was married. Styron's invention of Turner's pivotal and conflicted relationship with a white woman, Margaret Whitehead, is entirely fictional. So is any self-doubt that Turner did the right thing by leading the revolt. In Gray's account, Turner did not express regret. There is so much more depth to Turner's life that is either fictionalized beyond recognition or left unexplored in this book. Do those facts make a difference in a work of fiction? Yes. The parts Styron has unnecessarily fictionalized are key to the story he invented. Turner's fictional relationship with Margaret is saturated in the southern myth that black men are obsessed with white women -- lusting for the forbidden fruit, for which they must die. That Styron crawls into Nat Turner's skin in order to infect him with self-doubt about his mission emasculates Turner and diminishes his cause. What offends me most is that Nat Turner's life deserves to be explored by a modern author who does not condescend or patronize this African-American hero. Instead, we have William Styron's version of Turner's life, taken by many readers as fact. If one prefers racist fiction posing as a legitimate account of a life, then one might enjoy wallowing in this version of "Confessions." But if one prefers reality, I recommend Gray's book as well as other accounts available about the slave revolt at Southampton, Virginia. Styron's book does not provide significant insights into Nat Turner, slave revolt or slavery itself. His book clouds the truth with the same kind of Reconstruction era distortions that spawned the hideous phenomenon of lynching 
John Crowley's well-deserved recognition as one of the best literary stylists writing in the English language is readily apparent in these four fantasy novellas that date from the late 1980's. His "Great Work of Time" is an intriguing Rashomon-esque time travel fantasy about Cecil Rhodes and British economic imperialism in East Africa at the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th centuries. It was almost as compelling a read as the "The Nightingale Sings At Night", which offers a fantastical twist on the Adam and Eve creation myth saga. The other two tales, "In Blue" and "Novelty", I found much less compelling, but they are redeemed by the same lyrical prose Crowley uses in other tales. It was a wonderful surprise to find this book at a library; a surprise which I think many readers will also discover 
This book has a photo of each dessert so you can see what you're making and easy recipes that look impressive, all using a cake mix box of some kind. Their Snickerdoodle Cake uses a white cake mix, some other ingredients, and includes a Cinnamon Buttercream frosting recipe. Yum! I love the variety of recipes (bundts, bars, round, layered, etc.) and my kids and I can do many together. I think the packaged cake mixes from the store have a nice taste, so these recipes just build on those mixes. I just want easy recipes that aren't intimidating, and this book is the solution for that. I highly reccommend The Cake Mix Doctor. 
This book is a perfect trade off between simplified "for-dummies" type writing that simply acquaints you with the subject matter and a comprehensive text that thoroughly covers the subject. If you are a CPA hopeful, a governmental finance professional or a political science graduate student this is the text for you. Although layout and vocabulary could be simplified for improved readability, once you become familiar with the authors' style the reading is enjoyable. 
Said gives good insight into politics, especially in the middle east. I didn't enjoy the literature section as much because I wasn't familiar with the authors. 
I thought this book was a waste of my reading time. I saw a review on the Today Show, and read several postive reviews as well, and it piqued my interest. What I thought may be a book about how to deal with and accept the coming changes/challenges of a mother/pre-teen daughter relationship was a book about a mother seeming to tiptoe around her daughter's emotional state. What is Sarah going to think about this, what is she going to say about that, etc.? The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is that I applaud the time spent Karen and Sarah spent together. Something that should be done in all parent-child relationships. I would like to think there are better books on this subject. 
I'm a long time fan of the Anna Pigeon mysteries, and have read all the others. Unfortunately, "Hard Truth" does not live up to the quality of Ms. Barr's earlier works. It feels very contrived. It also appears to take advantage of stereotypes against religious groups. This book just does not meet the expectations I've come to expect from the series. 
Mark Twain called the Book of Mormon "chloroform in print" and he wasn't kidding. It is by far the most boring read I have encountered (I could barely get through it). I am a woman of faith - faith in God and faith in Christ and I don't know how anyone could believe this rubbish. PLEASE, anyone who is taking this at all seriously - do some research on the church. Ask some hard questions (you will likely get a rehearsed answer, but it's worth a shot). Joseph Smith was accused (and fined with a misdimeanor) of being a "glass looker" - hired by a man to help him find buried silver mines started and left behind by the Spanish. He would use "magic stones" that were placed in a hat to tell him where to find the location. So convenient that he later found "gold plates" and used what he called the "Urim and Thum" (which, by the way are actually gemstones that were carried by the High Priests of Israel in biblical times) to translate these plates (he describes them as stones he looked at in a hat). There are SO many myths that are told by members of the church "most men were SO distraught at the thought of polygamy", the age issue of Joseph translating the Book of Mormon, Joseph Smith's actual role in polygamy (which really should be called polandry - when a woman has more than one husband... 11 of Josephs 33 wives were actually married to other men first and then married to him, having NEVER divorced the first husband - what's up with that???).. etc.. and the list goes on and on... I am not disputing that Mormons take care of their own... that they are often kind people who have good hearts, I think that is all wonderful and if you want to join their church for those reasons that's great! Just PLEASE do some homework first and don't just rely on the "power of prayer". There is a reason that Utah is the [...] capital of the USA (I'm sure every one of those people "prayed" about that big business decision - it can OFTEN be mis-intrepreted). 
I think some of the previous reviwers with negative opinions are taking this book waaay too seriously. As political thrillers go, this is one of the best of the genre. It's packed with insider information, from power-mad politicians and the amoral king-makers who advise them, to nerves-of-steel assassins avoiding the meticulous pursuit of the FBI. Granted the premise is implausible: a group of former SEALS assassinate a group of congressmen and senators who the SEALS believe have sold the country down the river (or, in the Southern vernacular, because "they needed killin'"). While one can argue whether the SEALS have the high moral ground in this setting, it doesn't detract from the page-turning non-stop action. Like a thrill ride at Disneyland, this book should not be examined too critically. Just get in, hold on, close your eyes, and enjoy the ride 
Many people remember the battle of Midway as the turning point of the war in the Pacific due to the sinking of four Japanese aircraft carriers, and rightly so. But would the American success at Midway been possible without the heroic actions of their torpedo squadrons? Probably not. In this eye-opening account of the battle, author Alvin Kernan sheds much new light on these intrepid airmen who, flying obsoloete aircraft and using defective torpedoes, cleared the way for the SBD Dauntlesses to deliver the crushing blows on the Japanese carriers. After sighting the enemy carriers, the three American flattops began launching their torpedo bombers, dive bombers, and fighters in the hopes of making a coordinated attack on the Japanese fleet. However, while en route to the target, almost all of the squadrons became separated and the USS Hornet's contingent of fighters and dive bombers never even made it to the Japanese fleet. Its aircraft either returned to the carrier or ditched in the sea. Meanwhile, ,the planes from USS Yorktown and USS Enterprise were not able to coordinate their attacks. Thus, the torpedo planes attacked without fighter protection. These planes were thrown into a virtual meat grinder of anti aircraft fire and pursuit from Japanese fighters. Out of a compliment of 51 planes, 44 were shot down. One man, Ensign George Gay, survived from Torpedo squadron 8. Not a single American torpedo hit the Japanese fleet. However, this sacrifice was not in vain, for a few minutes later, the SBDs found the Japanese and in the span of a few minutes sent three Japanese carriers to the bottom. The fourth followed later in the day. The author brings up some interesting points in the book. For example, he mentions the confusing flight plan of the Hornet's commander Ring, who, for some reason, chose to fly a course which would take him well north of the Japanese fleet. He then failed to write an after action report upon returning to the Hornet. The author also describes the inferiority of the American aircraft, specifically, there extremely limited range which, in the end, caused the American fighters to turn back. Also, the fighters that did make it to the Japanese fleet never flew down to help out the lumbering Devastators. In all intents and purposes, the SBDs happened to end up in the right place at precisely the right time. If they had not, the battle could have turned out much differently. This is a fascinating book. I've read several books about the battle of Midway, but none have went into the depth of exploring the destruction of the torpedo planes as this one does. The writer, a former member of the Enterprise's air group, describes the battle as only a true eyewitness could. He raises some alarming quetions which I had never thought about before reading this book. Although the book itself is somewhat short, it does a masterful job of covering the plight of the torpedo planes. I highly recommend this fine book. If you've read anything previously about the battle of Midway, you must read this book. It sheds some new light on the heroic sacrifice of the American torpedo squadrons and how their actions paved the way for the American victory 
If you want to be scared and paranoid through your first pregnancy, then this is the book for you. This book has no insight on anything. It is vague. It doesnt explain anything in detail. It talks about every possible thing that could go wrong but probably wont. Each chapter lists all the symptoms you might be expeiriencing, but that is as far as that goes. Its not a very good book to turn to you if you have concerns because it will just make you have more! You might as well ask your doctor because this book constantly refers you to your doctor. It has no insight or answer for anything unless you have a high-risk pregnancy 
This is one of the best -- and scariest -- business books I've ever read. Christensen clearly illustrates why many of the 'tried and true' formulas really don't work. His research is compelling and is presented clearly enough for non-technical readers. I can't recommend this book highly enough 
Personally I found this book to be little more than a GRE verbal refresher course. Sure, it is objective and balanced but so impassionate that such a contentious issue seems like nothing. I think you can strip away emotion from a social problem so much that it creates the question of, well, then, does this really matter? In my opinion I feel this is what the author has done. I was really disappointed in this book 
I had to read this book for an Intro to Geology course, and although I find geology to be fascinating, I had a very difficult time following this book. The author uses a lot of technical vocabulary and is rather repetitious. Although I understood what McPhee was talking about most of the time, I think it would have made a better film documentary than a book. The author constantly went off on tangents and the overal organization of the book did not appeal to me at all. . .it would be more readable if written as a field journal because I could not even figure out when one day turned into another. But the book did a decent job of presenting the bigger picture 
Nansook Hong paints a painful picture of her marriage to HyoJin Moon, but she does not own up to the full truth of her parents' machinations to get her married into the Moon family. Eyewitnesses tell of Nansook visiting the Moon household and knowing full well of HyoJin's excesses in advance of her marriage. The Hongs wanted desperately for their family to be entwined with the Moon family, and after arranging for one child to be wed to the first Moon daughter, they pushed Nansook to marry a Moon son. Though I don't know all the motives, the point is that there was an agenda behind her marriage and probably this book that Ms. Hong has not been honest about. It is only too easy to paint an unflattering portrait of Rev Moon and his wife but at least some of this is suspect, given her own deceit 
Michael Haller's life revolves around criminal defense, his an attorney operating out the back of his Lincoln town car. His appearance sharply dressed and charmed mannerism makes him a very approachable guy, people either called him Mick or Mickey. Tall, dark and Intelligent with his good looks and Irish blood lines made him a catch. In the court room he was very together with great timing, in his personal life it was a mess, at last count he had two ex wives and one daughter. His father long deceased was also a famous defense attorney; another pressure of expectation in life he felt he had to live up to, his father wrote books and practised law that didn't have room for innocent clients, so far Mickey had spent most of his life worrying that he just wouldn't recognize innocence if it came along. Being an Independent operator he ran his business with his own private detective on his bankroll, he was also chauffeured around by an ex client who couldn't afford to pay his fees. In total he kept four Lincolns for another enterprise on the horizon encase things turned sour, what he was really looking for was a franchise player, a case to keep the cash rolling, point blank a meal ticket. Louis Ross Roulet dealt in LA property he was a rich playboy, currently booked on charges of ag-assault, GBI, and attempted rape, and although his arrest charges looked bad these could always be dropped to something less by the time he made court. Mickey couldn't believe his luck not only a rich client but looking at the evidence it was stacked in favour to get him off the hook. This was all too easy, in fact with sharp tactics of negotiation and manipulation it was an open and shut case. Just as he was on a roll Mickey's close friend is murdered he begins to have second thoughts about his case something just didn't sit right, in his search for innocence had he instead stumbled upon something more sinister or maybe something just plain evil. This is the first time in a long time that I have picked up a book based on a court room drama; but this book is much more than just that. Michael Connelly has done a wonderful job; his close collaboration with real life defense attorneys has paid off with their knowledge shining through; well written and easy to follow so you don't get lost in the jargon of law, especially for someone like me who is not familiar with the US law system. I'm hoping very much that Mr. Connelly will be able to entwine the exciting lawyer Mickey Haller in other books going forward, Congratulations to Michael Connelly for a rollercoaster read. A.Bowhil 
First, a few words about each of the four different stories. "The Man in the Black Suit" - 3 stars This is a story about a 9-year-old boy who meets the Devil himself. It's a very scary experience for the boy, especially because his older brother died the year before and now the Devil tells him that his mother has just died in the same way. This is the weakest of the four stories because the Devil, although being scary, doesn't really come across as a serious threat. What kind of second-rate Devil is it that can't even catch a boy who decides to run away from him? In "Everything's Eventual" Stephen King writes that this story won a prestigious "best short story" award in 1996, much to his surprise. That surprises me too, because in my opinion this story is not that great. "All That You Love Will Be Carried Away" - 5 stars This is the shortest story (only 35 minutes) and one of the two best ones in this collection. Alfie Zimmer is a traveling salesman in the American Midwest. He has an amazing hobby and he's tired of life. But if he commits suicide, what will everyone think of his hobby? What makes this story so good are the very detailed and evocative descriptions of the conditions under which a traveling salesman lives. Alfie's strange hobby is also captivating, as are the descriptions of the landscape and isolated towns in the bleak and barren Midwest. In "Everything's Eventual" Stephen King admits that Alfie's strange hobby was actually something he did himself! "The Death of Jack Hamilton" - 4 stars This is a very unusual story for Stephen King. It tells a "mythical" story about the 1934 death of Jack Hamilton, member of the John Dillinger gang. Homer Van Meter, another gang member, purportedly tells the story. John Dillinger, Jack Hamilton and Homer Van Meter were all real people. You can find a lot of interesting background information about them by doing an Internet search for John Dillinger. Despite the fact that these were all ruthless gangsters we find ourselves sympathizing with them. Stephen King's approach to the story is that gangsters are also human beings. The slow death of Jack Hamilton and the efforts of John Dillinger to get him medical help and Dillinger's distress as Jack Hamilton's condition worsens are powerful images. "That Feeling, You Can Only Say What It Is in French" - 5 stars This is the best story in the collection. Carol was brought up as a strict Catholic, but then, during the first years of her marriage to Bill, she had an abortion. Now she and Bill are supposed to be celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary and Carol is being subjected to a horrendous punishment for what she did. What makes the story fascinating is that it is not God who is punishing Carol. No, it is Carol, under the influence of her Catholic upbringing, who has prescribed her own punishment. And this punishment Carol is inflicting on herself is much worse than a benevolent God would come up with, even assuming that God considers what Carol did to be wrong. In summary, two very good stories, one good one, and one that's just OK. The four stories are read by four different professional readers. The total running time is approx. 3 hours 40 minutes, not 4 hours as specified on the packaging. All four of these stories are included in the book "Everything's Eventual", along with 10 other short stories by Stephen King. If you want to save money or if you dislike audio books then "Everything's Eventual" is a better deal. Rennie Peterse 
I listened to Isaac's Storm on CD while painting a room, and it made the time fly! The CD rendition was clearly spoken and had excellent production value. That said, I also loved the story. I am a weather-hound, and I enjoyed the detail of the way in which the nation maintained it's weather bureau. (I had recently read "The Children's Blizzard" and I would consider this as a nice companion book for we weather-hounds.) The descriptions from survivors was threaded effectively along with a panoramic view of the Galveston tragedy. I have not read the book, but I found the CD riveting. 
I read this book after the authors (Scott Omari) told me about it on one of the public forums (about GMAT). Excellent book, it's gives the overall picture of what an MBA candidate should look like to an admission officer at the B school. It definitely gives you an edge. This is book is like 'everything about B school applications in a nutshell'. There are some methods like drawing a 'grid' to see where you stand, really gives insight into what are your strenghts the areas you should improve or 'cover' in the application essays. Overall, not the one only but very good book. 
This book is HYSTERICAL! Check out the video (above) of the housewife slapping her husband's butt with a spoon while she's got him bent over the kitchen counter!!!!!! FUNNY 
Not as good as Entre Nous - less fun and more acedemic. But even then it is not a well written essay. The few good salient points are repeated too often, and with not much creativity or development 
Before purchasing Made in Detroit I read the reader reviews. The reviews were so mixed that I decided against buying the book and checked it out of the library instead. As it turns out I made the best decision. All I can say is `thank you fellow reviewers'; this book was definitely not worth the purchase price. My statement has nothing to do with the author's writing skills, he is a skilled writer. It has everything to do with his lack of insight. That Paul Clemens could live in a city and have such a skewed view of it is downright scary. I read the book, waiting for Paul to have a revelation that would help him put the pieces of his life together and make peace with them. But after 241 pages he was no more enlightened than he was on page one. Blacks are caricatures whose sole role in life is to make Paul's life hard. Women are peripheral characters who are barely given a voice. He finds a way to put down and demean everyone who is not a white male in his book. If you are a white male who harbors secret racist feelings you will enjoy this book and it will validate your feelings. If you are anyone else your reaction will no doubt range from mild boredom to outrage. As I read this book I felt sadness, a profound sense of dismay and had some of my worse fears confirmed. (There are white folks who actually still think like this.) My hope is that the light comes on for Paul, he is still young. If it does maybe he will share his insights with us. 
You think you are getting something to help assist you in linking yourself with the beyond, but you are in all actuality getting something that reads more like something being explained that the author doesnt really believe instead. I love Konstatinos' other books, but this one left a bad taste in my mouth 
I handsold so many copies of this book that my local bookstore accused me of emptying out the warehouse so they couldn't order any more. Reid strives for a journalistic impartiality here but he is so excited by the current evolution of political life in Europe that he carries you along. I especially love the story of little Portugal, which has unilaterally decided that drugs are no longer a criminal matter but a medical one. The US could learn from that example, and from many other European examples in this book. When you read the story about GE and Honeywell, you'll realize we're going to have to, because they're going to teach us whether we want to learn or not 
I think Nora Roberts has a fantasy with horses and horse farms, as we've seen in her books Irish Thoroughbred, Irish Rebel and now True Betrayals which was written in 1996. Unlike the other two, True Betrayals is not pure romantic fiction but a blend of several genres. To me, it was very interesting and kept me amused and entertained for several hours. Kelsey Byden was led to believe that her mother, Naomi Chadwick, had been dead for quite a few years and when she received a letter from her mother asking if she'd come visit her, she was an emotional wreck. It seems the real reason her mother wasn't a part of her life as she grew up was the fact that she had been in prison for killing her lover. Talk about shock value! Kelsey decides to visit her mother to try to come to terms with her emotions - Kelsey had recently divorced and just finding out her dead mother was very much alive was enough to make anyone emotionally unstable and made Kelsey question everything in her life. Naomi has a working horse farm in Virginia and Kelsey goes to try to make sense out of her life. Sounds like a typical plot line, right? Well, sort of, but if Nora Roberts is writing it, you can bet there are a few twists and turns along the way. Like Kelsey being thrown into a situation that could result in another murder. Can the trainer who works for her mother be the answer to Kelsey's broken heart? Can Kelsey ever trust her mother again after being deceived by her for so many years? Will Kelsey ever believe in herself again? I won't give away any of the plot, you'll have to read and enjoy this one for yourself! I do have to say that the plot is not the part of the book that I enjoyed the most - sure there's a little mystery thrown in just to keep things interesting. Sure there is lots of romance and sorting of feelings toward the mother-daughter relationship. But what I enjoyed the most were the descriptions of the horse ranch, the surrounding areas, actual workings of the ranch, etc. Nora Roberts is first rate at painting a very vivid mental image and I found myself slipping off to Virginia and owning a ranch of my own in my imagination while reading this book. The lush green landscape, the openness of the working ranch, the racetrack - ah, it sounded like pure heaven. The plot is very predictable: everyone lives happily-ever-after, mother and daughter are reunited, true love waits for Kelsey, etc., etc. What makes the story enjoyable is the mix that Roberts has perfected - not just pure romance, but a little mystery and intrigue also. 
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn has been argued as a racial controversy since the first day it was published. Shortly after it was accessible to the public, multiple committees banned the book, proclaiming it to be racist and "trash". To this day, Mark Twain's Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is banned in several school districts. In my personal copy of the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, there is a helpful and informative introduction and notes throughout the text written by Robert O'Meally. He clearly states that the intent of Twain's word usage is needed in order to properly and vividly describe the setting and tone of the book. His usage of the racial slur "nigger" can be seen as offensive, but I believe it was necessary for it to be realistic. The dialogue that Huckleberry uses throughout the book stays very true to his character, time, and place, at which the slur was used casually. Besides the usage of the word "nigger", characters in the book often loudly express their racist mentality. In the begining of Chapter 14, Huck and Jim are talking about all sorts of topics, both of them speaking their mind. Twain describes Huck's thoughts: "Well, he was right; he was most always right; he had an uncommon level head, for a nigger." Obviously some would perceive this to be intolerable and crude, yet I believe that Twain is simply describing the way Huck thinks of Jim. The growing friendship between Huck and Jim is the basis of the entire novel. The book depicts the way Huck feels and thinks about several ideas and concepts about life, the way he feels about his friend must be present and elaborate. I strongly support Mark Twain's the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. The book wins people over with it 's dialogue, plot, originality, and capability to express a realistic story that takes place in a racist and unjust America. 
I concur with another reviewer: get Luigi Gambero's "Mary and the Fathers of the Church," and, I might add, his follow-up work, "Mary in the Middle Ages." Read these two books alongside "Truly Our Sister. . .," then decide whether 15 or 16 centuries of organic, historically contiguous development of the Church's Marian doctrine by some of the finest minds and hearts the Church has ever produced--including Bridget of Sweden, or Johnson's glib, 21st century, feminist revisionism provides the better spiritual nourishment. The Blessed Virgin Mary stirs us to properly love her divine Son, bringing us into the intimate recesses of the Trinitarian love itself! Anything shy of that simply misses the point and leaves one painfully short-changed. 
Imagine you're attending a career enhancement seminar and suddenly you're doused with a giant bucket of ice cold water. In essence, "Fire Your Boss" is just that. Stephen Pollan's discourse on the stark realities of the real world of work shatter all the hyperbole and fluff of "careering" in not just corporate America but any occupational arena. It's an easy, conversational and straightforward read that IMHO should be called "Hire Your Boss". Pollan, a life coach with the style, chutzpah and hubris of a Donald Trump/Scott Adams hybrid, elaborates on the criticality of taking care of your number one customer in the microeconomic marketplace-your boss. Pollan supports the essence of this approach with references to how the economic landscape has changed over the last few decades and how it's helped to perpetuate agency activity in organizations. Simply put, managers will continue to act purely out of self-interest rather than an alignment with organizational objectives. With this in mind, what will avail those of the non-management cadre the most is looking out for the needs of supervision, with more of a "hired gun" approach rather than that of a sycophant. Many of Pollan's precepts will at first seem counterintuitive--such as "work for the money, the love will follow" or "lose your career, get a job" and may come across as trite and cynical. However when taken in context the underlying schema is this: a job is a means of providing income-no more, no less. Trying to find personal fulfillment therein is a recipe for self-destruction. The author does a fine job of using the experiences of his clients to help illustrate these key concepts and concludes by offering a seven-step roadmap to help one achieve the empowerment and independence in the modern job market. Although Pollan drives across some salient points about the contemporary world of work he does tend to oversimplify a bit with regards to some management behavior. Furthermore, some of his coping strategies have the guise of tactics that only a New York Attorney could formulate. Wait-Pollan IS a New York Attorney. In sum, this is as an island of sanity in a sea of "Be a Star at Work" banter that perpetuates the dangling-carrot-over-the-sea-of-cubicles syndrome. Finally, when you boil this down you realize that one as an employee should consider themselves self-employed. I find it a good affirmation of what work really should be and a refreshing rebuttal to all the careering pundits whose success is predicated on the management's mystification of office life. Not for the faint of heart! 
I found this book to be a vaguely interesting dissertation on what the SHAM (Self-Help Actualization Motivational) Movement is, and maybe even on why it is, but no help whatsoever in giving me any tools for argument against it. I thought, sucked in by the interesting cover suggesting brain-washing in such a humorous way, that the author might have a sense of humor herself and I'd find her book absorbing intellectually and on other levels as well. I would read a page or a paragraph or two, close the book, and nod off. This is such a fascinating area, it could be the basis for a really fascinating book, but "Self-Help, Inc..." left me feeling I needed to go to a self-help group to deal with the density of the verbage. It would not appeal most to the people most in need of reading it - the victims of SHAM 
As I read this book it was easy to tell that it was not written by Mr. Cussler, the story was slow and the plot was transparent. This book just didn't have the "zing" of the older Cussler stories. If you are just laying around with nothing else to do it will give you something to read 
Ms. Roddick has managed to put together some important issues, outstanding commentators, and good information design in one place with this book. I read it through from cover-to-cover (I seldom do this) and found myself both enlightened and inspired. I recommend it highly 
Sheer and utter. This hardly can be called a work of fiction. Had this been his first work, I could understand the grammatical mistakes, but this is inexcuseable. The publisher should be fined for this book and the editor fired 
McCain et al write very well and I was impressed by his style. The writing was not the only style with which I became familiar but the "style" of the man himself, John McCain. This was a truthful, revealing account of a man of honor who is presently in an oft less-than-honorable profession. We can only hope the remainder of his career echoes with laud that of his grandfather and father. I believe this read is one to add to one's readings of autobiographies / biographies. 
This book did not teach me anything and was a waste of money. page 364: Principles of Long term investing: "Chapter 8 shows that among the S 500 Index returns, large value stocks have a small edge over large growth stocks." Now look at Chapter 8. "Of the 10 largest corporations, only 2 (Exxon Mobile and Citigroup) are value stocks." duuhhh. Now I know what to do. I have a choice of two stocks. If you already know all there is to know about the stockmarket, buy this book and pat yourself on the back for being so smart. If you know little, it won't add to your knowledge at all 
Dry is anything but what the title of this work implies.The pages drip with boozy escapades and one can almost smell and taste the liquor on Augusten Burroughs breath.A must for drinkers who would like to stop or at least reassess what the heck is going on in their lives.Almost motivational in its honest appraisal of the difficulties inherent in this addiction. The writing style is clear and refreshingly down to earth,funny, yet foreboding and diary-like in its presentation.Burroughs clearly transmits via humor and self awareness the many dimensions of this destructive addiction and the problems that can come with it, especially the limited usefulness of rehab.The story itself is pretty hip with a good look inside the mind of what we could easily call, "a hard core drinker" as he anticipates the "next one".Passages describe a variety of interpersonal dilemmas,job and sexual conundrums.Dry is also a good insightful look at how the treatees view the treaters and how quickly they can size up weaknesses and exploit them.This is a page turner but it does drag a bit in the middle, yet has a strong finish.An earlier work 'Running With Scissors' was apparently good enough for Hollywood, so take a shot with DRY.After all, when your liquor bottles occupy more living space in your place than you do, it might be time to slow down,stop and get a copy of Twelve Steps and Twelve Traditions, and a copy of Dry. CHEERS!! 
This book is so flawed in every which way, it is hard to know where to begin. First of all, we are living in the end times, and when Jesus comes, that's all she wrote, folks. There's no seven years, no Christians being zapped up, etc. This is our Second Chance on Earth. No tribulation. This book takes figurative visions and tries to apply it literally, and does it poorly. Reading this book made me think that if this was true, then what's the point of trying to be a Christian. Why not just live your life the way you want to, and then when people zap out of thin air, change your life. It's ridiculous and sends the wrong message. Plus, the writing is for second graders with no redeeming characteristics to it. But I really don't think the author's care at this point (seeing how many millions they've made printing lies). My recommendation is to read the bible instead of this series; then you'll get truth and the bible is probably shorter (and much better writing). Man, not even Kirk Cameron could save this train wreck. 
I want everyone to know that this book was a labor of love. I want to help make people aware of the life and the legacy of Ilan Ramon, a hero and inspiring figure for all of us 
This is my all time favorite book! I have never found myself going through so many different emotions while reading one book. It is definately one of Nicholas Sparks bests 
All over the place. Confusing. Poorly organized. I was unable to read this book and would love to return it. Bad very bad. 
In a sea of books from self-proclaimed "career counselors," Mr. Corcodilos has no-nonsense advice from a true insider. Instead of the usual yada-yada, Corcodilos explains how a candidate can stand out in a sea of prospective employees clambering in a recruiting system designed to produce the status quo. One hears a lot of complaints from hiring managers that effective, qualified employees are in short supply. However, Corcodilos lays bare the true cause of this corporate angst: The present recruiting system is broken. Ask the headhunter is worthwhile reading for both the candidate and the hiring manager; two agents who are in desperate need to meet 
A looming 21-year High School reunion has led me to ponder the past, especially the town I grew up in. I have been reading The Geography of Nowhere by James Howard Kuntsler, a book which explores the rise of suburbia and automobile culture in America. Kuntsler explores the effects of modernist design philosophy (Le Corbusier, Gropius, Bauhaus etc. ) . Although Kunstler's book is by no means a complete history, his insights are provocative. His basic thesis is that the rise of the automobile has led to the development of a banal and meaningless geography of nowhere. In other words, since the 1920s, Americans have pursued a single-minded vision when it comes to urban development: namely treating our built surroundings as disposable commodities to be bought and sold, with little regard to aesthetics. Growing up in a suburb, I experienced this sort of fake-non-reality-bubble of what a city should be, or what it should do for its residents. There was always nothing to do, nowhere to go. Fortunately, in those days, creative people created their own scene, no matter how lame it was. Such a naive scene based on our libertine tastes and overbearing ignorance. Of course, conformity was the rule. And we all nearly s--t ourselves when we got behind the wheel of our first car. It was almost like and 5-year-old's first trip to Disneyland. It was like that first sexual experience. It was an epiphany, of sorts. Little did we realize that our addiction to auto travel would bring such a high cost to our lonely empty souls. Who ever thought that being so cheap would cost us so much? 
You can tell I don't pay attention to Wall Street Journal or New York Times. I picked up David Sacks' book from Borders' Linguistics stack because of the title. I should have known better. I started the first chapter and didn't have the time or intention to finish it. The book is a collection of charts and stories about the history of alphabetic writing that are to be expected from the title -- in some cases conviniently summarized things in tables and maps -- but lacks, in my opinion, systematic thinking on the reasons behind the origin and prosperity of alphabetic writing that is found in other scholarly works (scholarly it is not). Even within the first 20 pages or so, I was disawayed more than a few times by dubious claims, utter misinformation, and distastefully Euro/English-centric. Here are some examples: "The alphabet was not the earliest writing: Egypt, Mesopotamia, and probably China already had nonalphabetic systems. But the alphabet was the most efficient writing system ever found, before or since (p.1)" -- What about Hirogana for Japanese? Syllabaries can be much more efficient for languages that do not have a large inventory of syllables. "The 'spreadability' of an alphabet means that the future of our Roman letters looks very bright indeed. (p. 10)" -- He was speaking of languages that are written in multiple alphabets, such as Swahili, Serbo-Croatian, Urdu/Hindi, and Yiddish. And then came this proud comment on the prospect "our Roman letters". Immediately following the above quote, he gave examples of Azerbaijian and Tatarstan's decision to switch to Roman, as well as other "struggling nation"'s likewise decisions to "switch to Roman letters for native tongues, as a big to tie into global trade and communications and to better prepare their prople to learn English. Tragically, much that is venerable and spiritually sustaining while be lost. Yet that seems inevitable in the 21st century were are shaping. And it is sobering to reflect that our 26 letters wield such power." His view of the learnability of the alphabet is also uneducated, shall I say. The following superficial comment could have come from an old gradama who happened have NOT been a teacher for her lifetime. "An alphabet enjoys on huge advantage over any other writing system: It needs fewer symbols. No other sysmtem can get away with so few. This makes an alphabet easier to learn. Students need memorize only two dozen or so letters to begin building toward literacy, which typically takes about another five years of instruction". And -- he writes -- because of this simplicity, children can become literate before the working age. "This cricial fact has made the alphabet historically the vehicle of mass literacy. (p.5)" Well, "vehicle" is a very clevery way of framing it. At least he is not saying that where there is alphabet there is mass literacy. Mass literacy was nevery a goal before the inducstry revolution. Now Sacks joins the ranks of you-know-who's by implying that the Europeans and Western ideals were destined to take over the world because they had the alphabet and probably the mandate from God. (Guns, what guns?) Sacks also compared "our 26 letters" -- as if alphabetic writing is patented at the USPO -- to Chinese. "Today Chinese schoolchildren normally take three years longer than Western children to learn to read and write, with most of that extra time devoted to mastering the symbols." This is completely misinformation. Learning to read Chinese is not easy, but do a little research, you will find studies over studies and books over books on comparitive studies of literacy (including my own). I've nevery seen a credible study that substantiates the 3-year lag. By the way, Sacks almost never gives citations. I think that's enough. This explains my total disappointment with the book -- I sholdn't have any high expectation from the start, had I known who David Sacks is. 
This is the best book available on the Great Storm of 1900 and its effect on Galveston, Texas. An unbelievable amount of research obviously went into it. Very well written. Highly recommended 
This is a classic circle jerk book that consolidates a number of articles from educators and educational researchers who talk about the same thing, and cite each other or similar data and research. The authors do write well, so I gave it two stars. But it has under/overtones of the same old myths in erroneous educational ideology that is actually the malaise killing our educational system - dump more money into schools; teachers are underpaid and overworked; high stakes standardized testing is bad. Folks might be well advised to pick up a copy of Jay P. Greene's "Educational Myths" to run a little de-tox on the stuff they read here 
I found this book to be pretentiously over complexified. The relationship between object and surface has been aptly documented by many other art historians of the late 20thC. I think that Fred has in this case over analysed too few works by the great artist, flag to me and many of the people I have discussed it with is far too complex a work for a man like Orton to even vaguely comment on critically. He appears to my other academic associates and I to be slightly out of his depth at this level, and in future would do well to perhaps abandon the bottle of Gin which he is widely known to keep under his desk, and to consequently write something worthwhile and not liquer-induced. Mr Orton, I am not your fan. 
I absolutely loved this book! I could relate to each of the four women at different times in their lives. It reminded me to take all things to HIM in prayer at ALL times 
I read this as a thirteen year old boy and enjoyed it. A re-read twenty years later gave me a different perspective. MacLeans dialogue between his characters is comic book variety at best. There are also a few glaring errors that I am surprised that his editor did not pick up on, two of note: Shaffer (supposedly from Montana) is credited with a Mid-West accent?? Montana is far west not 'mid' west. Secondly, Nazi helicopters? This is just plain sloppy. MacLean should have known much better. This one belongs on the bookshelf of a teenage boy. For a better read of MacLeans better works I reccomend; HMS Ulysess and Bear Island. The characters are far more credible and provide a better story by far. A poor effort by Mr MacLean 
Turning Angel was a page turner for me so I bought BLood Memory. WOW! It did not disappoint me 
Another beautiful contribution by this author. Love letters to make you weep, smile, laugh and imagine . . . or remember . . . how it feels to love and be loved 
Among all the theories of ethics with which I am familiar, I have always found Kant's system to be the best: carrying out one's duty for the sake of the duty itself. The problem with Kant, however, is that his theory of morality is grounded outside humanity, dependent on a source of which we can never, some may claim, have any understanding. Christine Korsgaard fixes, at least for me, this problem, by showing that one does not have to venture outside humanity in order to ground its morality. In short, the source of normativity is our humanity itself. I don't want to get into too much details and give away the main points of the book. Suffice it to say that it offers, in my opinion, some of the best arguments for the objectivity of morality. The conclusion I reached after reading the book was this: It is as much justified for a human to complain 'Why should I be moral?' as it is for him/her to complain 'Why should I have two eyes?' In both cases, the answer is 'Because you are a human being, a social animal with two eyes.' 
bought book flipped through for 5 minutes, found good use starting a woodfire. all the info contained can be had for free on the internet. if youve been trading more then 2 days you already know more then the scope of this boo 
This book is bad for beginner and practically useless for a master. There is no comprehensive description of training complexes, footwork drills and other important details, which were completely omitted. It gives just an overview of the system in general, so the reader can have some vague feeling of what Giron escrima is 
Have read the whole Leaphorn/Chee series by Tony Hillerman. This is one of the better ones - the subject is topical and the characters take on more definition. The overall "feel" is that this time, the subject is of a more personal nature to Tony Hillerman? A good read 
Compared to his other superb books, this is one is tedious and boring. The overall thesis is a stretch - trying to find equivalences between pre-industrial (and pre-printing press) 13th century price paterns and those of the industrialized and post-industrial 20th century requires ignoring far to many factors. At a minimum comparing a world in which 90% of the population are attached to agricultural production and illiterate to world where almost precicly the reverse holds is just too big a leap to swallow. Sadly, one suspects more than a little political axe-grinding is involved. Enjoy Fischer's other books where he excells, but you won't miss much if you neglect to read The Great Wave. Besides, the subject has been better treated elsewhere by authors not so obviously out of their depth 
After reading Deep South and Flashback, I was looking forward to going back and reading some of the earlier Anna Pigeon books. Liberty Falling has to be the worst of the Pigeon series. I found myself skimming over pages and skipping over the last third of the book to get to the end and hope the ending would make it worth the read. It wasn't. 
I love historical fiction, and The March was one of the better historical novels that I've read. The characters are well-drawn, and the action moves along briskly, with no dead spots. The civil war background seemed very authentic, and unlike many similar historical novels that focus on the military actions or the civilian actions, The March blends the two to show that war really is hell. Doctorow is an excellent writer, and he obviously did a lot of period research to make the background so believable. My only objection was his implication that the civil war was only about slavery and that Union soldiers fought solely because of the slavery issue. That's not true, as studies of Union soldiers' letters and diaries have demonstrated that most soldiers fought out of patriotism or to join with other family members, or for other reasons than just slavery. That also applies to Confederate soldiers. A minor quibble that doesn't really hurt the book, but it does discredit the author for not sticking to real, documented historical fact. Highly recommended 
This is, without question, the WORST book ever written on one's financial life. To begin with, it's useless: ZERO information, ZERO new analysis of old information, ZERO advice, ZERO interesting anecdotes. Additionally, it's rambling--meandering from summaries of old data, to poorly written schmaltzy 'new age' feel-good blathering. What exactly is this guy's point? No way to tell. Seriously, this book is SO BAD that all the people who allowed their names to be associated with blurbs on the cover have, in my opinion, lost all remaining credibility. What a waste of my $16 and 4 hours. I want my money and time back. 
I don't get the impression from reading the book that the authors have even tried to analyzed the financial holdings that was set up. It is the thinnest book on Enron that I read, for very good reason. 
Lies, half truths, spin and glitz. Of course there is some truth sprinkled in. Self promoting TV stars are more interested in being self promoting TV stars than truth. Theres just not enough time for both. At best it's entertainment, at worst it misleads the children. And finally they are all biblically illiterate. So be careful...especially with TBN. 
Anyone who knows me would tell you I truly enjoy reading. I am an avid reader known to finish an interesting book within hours. It took me two weeks to get past the first seven chapters of this book. The story just could not keep my interest. I felt no real affinity to any of the characters. I have other books by this author and come away with an interst in what would happen next with her lead characters. She writes with real emphasis on how characters interact with each other and usually leaves you wanting more. In the case of this novel I just didn't feel it. Her other novels will not leave you dissapointed. Ugly ways is not a good example of the Ansa's true talent as a writer. If you have not done so try her other novels. I guarantee you will come away wanting to read more 
Imagine, just as I was getting bored with this book, through an odd act of contingence its binding literally fell apart in my hands. A Loki-Eshu-hermetic encounter? What a thankful rescue. Rambling and indulgent, such repetition would be better kept to a long essay rather than a full book. A trickster's story, indeed 
2 stars for decent writing (at least a decent translation), for an intriguing start, and for the occasional appearance of a melancholy dwarf. That's pretty much it. Negative stars aplenty for the protagonists -- Coy and Tanger (I listened to NC on 13 endless tapes, so perhaps am misspelling their names). The tortured metaphors they speak, think, and by which they -- and their insipid adventures -- are continually described, bore to tears. Aside from an occasional scrape between Coy and the aforementioned dwarf or his boss, all of the action in NC clusters at the beginning (promisingly so, I'll grant) and the end (all wimper, no bang) of this novel. As a salty seadog once said (no doubt anticipating this novel), "Ahoy matey, thar. She blows!" 
Really tried to like this book. Premise was grand; story bobbed and weaved; conclusion was flimsy. Discursive scientific literalizations distract disorient. Crichton breaks the rule to never stanch the flow. I dislike the quartet of scientists who investigate the outbreak; they don't come across to the reader as likeable 
We have enjoyed another of Eric Carle's books--Brown Bear Brown Bear What Do You See--since my son was a few weeks old. So, when my son was about 7 months old, I bought From Head to Toe. It was a wonderful purchase! After a few reads, my son was imitating the animals just like his mama--waving his arms like a monkey and on his hands and knees like the cat. It was so wonderful for me to see that my son was understanding and processing the books I read to him. 
The author is certainly writing for a target audience.......as one other reviewer said, white, upper-middle-class, female would-be mystics. I found the stories of life on the commune mind-numbing (then again, I was born in Berkeley in 1970, so that hippie commune kumbayah stuff reminds me of eating carob when I was a kid) and the rest of what I did manage to read alienating.......zzzzzzzzzzzz.......I am not saying this is a bad book at all, just that it's focus was so narrow that it completely lost my interest. The language was so fuzzy and woo-woo that it just irritated my Gen X (for lack of a better word) postpunk sensibility. It's a shame, too, as I was really looking forward to this book and hoping it would assist me in reconciling my own struggle between feminism and spirituality. C'est la vie 
Ms. Reichs has lost the recipe, or at least the focus and formula that has brought her success prior to Cross Bones. Although not nearly as bad as P. Cornwell's last two or three misfires, Reichs is way wide of her usual high mark here. In this offering, Temperance is out of character, out of both style and focus, and the story is just overly convoluted and circuitous; a yarn that meanders around heading every which way except toward a finished product. Even the writing is unfamiliar and not of the same voice Reichs has maintained in her many Brennan novels. Having finally given up on Cornwell, after many years, I'll hang in there for one more Temperance Brennan dig; everyone is entitled to one gong 
I loved this book! I picked it up on a whim at the airport, and couldn't put it down for the entire flight. Now I'm telling all my friends to get it. Not only does it have tips about playing cards, but it's just a flatout pageturning thriller. You keep wondering where this guy's life is going to lead him next. Very suspenseful and funny too. Highly recommended. 
This has to be one of the most ridiculous books I have ever read. At one point the authors ask: if money equals security, wouldn't you feel safe walking through a major American city at midnight with a suitcase full of cash handcuffed to your wrist? If money really did equal security, you would! I stopped reading after that. I will say, however, that this book cured me of all of my bad financial habits. I never want to be so bad off as to look to a book like this for advice again. 
'Conservatives Without Conscience' does nothing less than expose the matrix of political illusion with a comprehensive framework of science. There is much more that could be said about the authoritarian character structure and the history of the science, but John Dean does a good job of explaining the basics, and how it applies to our modern political landscape. This is not new information, it has just been sequestered in the hands of academics and the Carl Rove wing of the Republican party. The academics keep measuring and refining their understanding, and Carl Rove and his party keeps using the information to manipulate the american public. Finally, someone mainstream has laid it out for all to see. Knowledge is power, so everyone should read his book. However, one lesson to be learned from this book is that closed mindedness is a hallmark trait of the authoritarian character, so this is not a book written to convert anyone with strong authoritarian character traits. They don't tend to read books much anyway. It is a book for the open minded, that will put into context our mean spirited political landscape, the by any means necessary tactics of many named players, and the proto-fascist movement that has hijacked our country. John Dean pulls no punches. He names names and kicks butt. He gets a little dry when trying to define his wing of conservatism as opposed to neo conservatism, but even that is well worth the effort. If you have a shred of unease about the leaders of the Republican party and those who unquestionably support them, then read this book. It is an eye opener 
This book opened up new database opportunities for me. Without it, I would never have unlocked the real power of MySQL 5 
Timothy Garton Ash's book the file was very provocative and interesting. I thoroughly enjoyed reading the personal experience of one man who happened to be in East Berlin before unification and then was able to see his file afterwards. However, i am a bit disillusioned. The story interests me but Garton Ash really doesn't say anything! I am disappointed that he so poignantly and blatantly pokes at communism and a totalitarian state. And yet he does not back it up. The book is good under the premise of democracy good, communism bad. It feels like he is just pooling for support. And nobody knew the wall was going to fall when it did. I know of many professors who were writing books critiquing communism who had to throw out their text because of the abrupt fall of communism. I'm wondering if this book is just a way to cash in an unexpected event. I am dissappointed. Maybe i just don't know enough of Garton Ash but if this is the case, i should not have to feel the need to know his history before reading the book. The book had some good points and kept me entertained but on the whole didn't do anything for me. Peace 
I found #10 at a garage sale and thought I better just start at #1. I have buzzed through to #12 and through out them all I have found myself laughing out loud. 
I do not think the man who "translated" the Koran here is a true Muslim. One cannot shuffle and reorder the Suras to suit one's own taste. This man does not have the right to mess up our Holy Book in this way. Plue the style of writing is not nearly as engaging as the Ali version. I have not been in a Mosque yet that had this version of the Koran on its shelves. You can go into any Mosque in this country and pick up a copy of the Ali Tranlation for free. Why waste your money on this Infidel sham version? 
The audio is delivered in a monotone that almost puts you to sleep. Not a good thing while drivin 
The story of Illidan, Malfurion, Rhonin, and krasus using dark powers, heroic strength is enough to blow anyone away. Iy enchants me, it shows the World of Warcraft from a combination of Knaak's and Blizzard Entertainment's imagination 
I finally know what makes for good comic book inks after reading this book. Gary Martin comprehensively outlines all the elements of comic book inking including the various techniques, styles and methods that the pros use. Plenty of samples from his own work and that of others. If you want to learn how to ink comic book art or you just want to know what distinguishes good inking from bad, I highly recommend this book. The production values, art and cover are also very professional 
I really enjoyed this work. Didnt know this guy won a Pulitzer but it figures. I was swept away by the imagery created by this master. It was evocative of Cooper (although he surpasses Cooper), and McMurtry and the guy who wrote all the pretty horses. The master can always create the world to drown the reader in - this guy is great - I plan to read the whole series.. 
This book provides a very interesting and informative detail of the history of birth culture in America as discovered through the study of birth chairs. In incluedes intriguing pictorial documentations of birth chairs and how they evolved into the modern maternity beds in use today 
Read on if you are: - Used to PHP programming, but not a very sophisticated programmer. - Looking out to do more programming on a higher level. - Ready to read through book texts three times and to read further material that is not included in the book you buy. Schlossnagle's book is not written along one red line, it covers various topics and allows jumping around quite freely. However, the topics that it covers are highly efficient in helping you advance with your programming skills. They might not quite be what you'd expect from a PHP book, because actually Schlossnagle covers anything that is needed to work with PHP on a professional level. Consider this list of topics: - Write clean code - OO-Design Patterns - Project documentation - Performance tunings This is all not really PHP-only stuff, but it is a great source of inspiration and furthers the understanding of programming in general very much. The latter I find is necessary for everybody who's up to something bigger in PHP. The PHP examples in the book are - I have to admit - maybe sometimes rather scarce. One would like to see more applications of abstract problems, more examples. But is that what a book is for, to give examples? I don't think so. For me a book is mainly a source of great ideas from great programmers, anything else is available on the web. After having bought "Advanced PHP Programming" I purchased other books, the topics of which I would not have considered without reading Schlossnagle's work. I'm just about to write a diploma work and the book is a great reference for anything concerning PHP and development projects 
This book was advertised as though it would be valuable for any professional. This is absolutely not the case. This book covers very, very basic guidelines and does so in an overview type fashion. I would recommend this book for college graduates or those who are employed at entry level jobs and are seeking advancement 
I have never read one of Johansen's books and after reading this one, I'm not likely to read another. I usually enjoy reading pretty much any type of mystery and am not a literary critic by any means, but I just couldn't get into the story here because of the flowery and cliche-filled writing. Exclamations such as "dear heaven" and "lord" were repeated over and over again by all characters throughout the book, which doesn't seem to fit with the rest of their conversational tone (it would suit my southern grandma, however). As another reviewer said, the big mystery of why Daisy wouldn't leave Geneva wasn't particularly mysterious - if she really wanted Jason to leave she could have just told him. Character development was lacking and I just didn't care that much about them. I would have liked to hear more about Cynthia and her antics. I did finish the book because I was curious to know what happened, but I couldn't wait for it to be over. Sorry, but this was not my cup of tea 
I remember reading "The Chamber" distinctly. Somehow, this book doesnt even near that standard. The story line is vague with unnecessary twists and turns. The characters have been strongly depicted but none of them turns out to be standing out 
It's been several years since I read the book. Saw it recently, the book seems to be a favorite, of the coffee-house, talky, chattering, left, Marx-Freud-Rousseau crowd. However, all this at talk of a "just society" and the "underprivileged" can and does mean only one thing: A POLICE STATE. Anytime, a so-called "theory" attempts to create a utopian state, there will be coercion. Anytime, there is coercion, you will infringe upon individual rights, freedom of speech, freedom of association and freedom to govern one's own life. Instead of a "police state" in the form of a theory of justice. He should have written a book titled "A Theory of Liberty" Any society without liberty as the foundation will have coercion and hence the destruction of liberty. However, this book remains the coffee-house favorite. Rawls was an "Ivory Tower Pinhead". A brief bio states that he was a professor all his adult life. What kind of adults spend their whole life having fake, phony, welfare for intellectual, make-believe jobs like being a professor of political theory. What dat????? Oh, Please get a real job. #1. THOSE CANNOT DO WILL TEACH..... So much for the ivory tower pinhead. A theory of justice will lead to a police state, a state of coercion. What we need is theory of LIBERTY 
i'll be the first to admit that i'm biased based on my expectations from shaara's father's great book, the killer angels. it is not fair to compare the two, but because reading the father's book lead me to buy this one, i thought i should mention it. this book does not contain nearly the details and intimancies of the father's book. it is not surprising since this one covers a much longer time frame than the battle of gettysburg, so shaara has less pages to devote to each person and battle. but the result is a less satisfying book. it skims rather than digs deep 
American Pastoral was repetitious to the Nth degree. I read the Human Stain a few years ago, and it was good. But, in Pastoral, the reader is put through a zillion permutations of possible dialogs between the Swede and a psychoanalyst, and between his daughter Merry and a psychoanalyst, but absent the psychoanalyst: Roth is our psychoanalyst. What he misses, however, is that we simply have to realize that interpersonal dynamics are sometimes beyond our control. The Swede never failed as a father; rather, he failed because he couldn't let go of his sense of responsibility for her 
This is a reader that covers the various theories of nationalism as well as varieties of nationalism itself. This makes it a largely indispensable supplement, handbook and reference work for anyone interested in nationalism. This is particularly true today as the scholarship on this social phenomenon continues to grow unabated, and since it is patently obvious that nationalism hardly seems about to disappear. The reader contains important extracts from the major works on nationalism by some of the most important early theorists such as Renan, Max Weber and Stalin (although the views of Marx and Engels themselves or Lord Acton and Friedrich Meinecke would have been welcome additions) and almost all of the most important contemporary scholars (Gellner, Anderson, Connor, A. Smith, etc.). The texts are well-selected and organized, and it really contributes to making a very complex subject and a daunting field of scholarship seem a little easier to grasp 
I am a teacher at an inner-city school that struggles with the same issues presented by Kozol. That said, this is the fourth of Kozol's works that I have read, and I came away just as disappointed with "The Shame of the Nation" as I did with the rest of them. I am so incredibly sick of him shouting from the mountaintops that there is a problem with public education. He acts like we don't already know. He acts like there is some unseen solution out there that should be obvious to everybody. Instead of pointing fingers and and complaining about it, why doesn't he use his experience and know-it-all knowledge to offer real, concrete and practical solutions? Kozol is a classic Monday-morning quarterback pointing out the flaws in what everybody else is doing - but he doesn't get his hands dirty anymore. If he is really as educationally omnipresent as he thinks he is, the least he could do is offer some solutions. I've made four mistakes. I will not make a fifth. I have 150 underpriveleged kids to teach, and I can't afford to waste my time on another volume of complaints while he points out the obvious 
Three of my nephews and my son's favorite book. He wore it out and I had to buy another one. 
The use of an Integrated Development Environment [IDE] for a user to learn a language in, and to then program within, is well known. Microsoft has made powerful IDEs for its languages. And the open source Eclipse can be used for Java. Along these lines, Ducasse offers his book. It teaches Smalltalk using the Squeak IDE. The twist is that Squeak uses the visual metaphors of robots and robot factory, to convey the crucial concepts of objects/classes. As Ducasse explains, Squeak can be directed at an audience that is perhaps of high school age or even younger. So a clear visual feedback between example code and what the student sees then happen is vital, given her limited background and possibly limited attention span. Squeak uses Smalltalk in part because that is a very minimalist language. If you come from C++, Java or C#, you may be struck by its simplicity, compared to the oodles of classes and notational intricacies of those languages. Which of course also makes it easier for a young student to learn Smalltalk or Squeak itself. I wonder a little about the book itself, though. A motivated high school student could easily use it. But for some younger students? In that situation, it may well be that the book could be best directed at a teacher, who can then instruct from it 
Ultimately the ending was so outrageous that it took away from the rest of the story. I would not recommend it to anyone for that reason. I've already given my copy away. 
I would not neccessarily call this book "Christian". It is more of an historical account, Bible as literature type of book. It does make you think about different aspects of Jesus life, but most of that is speculation or perception. Yancey leaves the reader hopeless at the end. 
This is an excellent book on the role of the state after a revolution, how it will wither away, and what a society should look like ( or try to mould itself into ) after the revolution. Lenin, drawing on the works of Marx and Engels extensively, refutes many claims by both the Anarchists and opportunists on the role of the state, and corrects many common errors believed about the Marxist road to Socialism. This is a thoroughly informative read. I recommend those wondering how a Communist society would emerge after a revolution to get this book; It will open your eyes widely 
You know, I hate to burst the bubble of devoted Trotskyites across the globe, but Trotsky was just as responsible for Stalin's rule as anyone. For Leon to blame Stalin is the height of hypocrisy. Without Lenin's apparatus of social repression and Trotsky's apparatus of military dictatorship, Stalin would never have been. The Russian Revolution was never a win for workers. It destroyed them, some 4 million at Lenin's hands, 30 million by Stalin, and 65 million by Mao Tse-tung. No policy or ideology that denies the soul can ever succeed. And communism does just that. By denying that which makes humans humans, it can bring only suffering 
in order to properly understand the Jesus of the new testament, instead of making a Jesus of our own liking, it is necessary to understand Jesus as he himself indicated. Jesus himself, according to the new testament, made constant reference and allusion to the hebrew scriptures, ( old testament ), as he sought to explain himself, his actions, his teachings and his significance. Understanding the old testament is therefore of paramount importance for understanding what Jesus was and is about. This means far more than knowing some of the messianic proof texts or knowing about Noahs ark or the temple and sacrificial system of the ancient hebrews. Understanding the old testament involves knowing the overall aim and purpose of it, and how it all is held together by connected themes that form a unified whole. Christopher Wright's book, Knowing Jesus Through the Old Testament, is an absolute Godsend towards getting the drift of the old testament and how it carries forward to the Jesus of the new testament. This book is a little bit technical at times, it is not a devotional work, but reading this book will educate a person to accurately understand what the old testament is about and how it flows into the person of Jesus, thereby expositing the true meaning and intent of Jesus according to the background that Jesus himself referred to. Thanks Chris Wright for this fabulous book. Also see his forthcoming book, The Mission of God, due out in fall of 2006 by intervarsity press. It looks to be another bullseye!! For some other great little books on Jesus that are sane and sober, see: Jesus and His World by Peter Walker, The Original Jesus by N.T. Wright, and for a bit of a larger work see Jesus and The Gospels by Craig Blomberg 
Who better to write a book about morons than Flynn? An abyssmally miserable book with so little substance I was surprised it didn't float out of my hands. It's a great resource for those looking for a plethora of examples of pitifully poor logic; Two wrongs don't make a right, non-sequiturs galore, red herrings - they're all there. It seems apparent the goal was to scoop up the easy money from the thin thinkers in our world. It certainly wasn't to write a scholarly treatise where the reader came away enlightened in the slightest way. I guess I have fallen into the category of "moron" by spending money on it and worse yet, reading it to completion. I'm embarrassed. Flynn should be too 
I really don't understand all the negative reviews about this book. I found it an easy to read pleasant mystery, with a main character in midlife turmoil I wanted to sympathize with. J. A. Jance did an excellent job keeping the pace reasonably fast, while not losing the reader with extraneous characters. 
In the 1970's, Peter Singer came out with a radical argument which was new in the field of ethics; animal liberation. While some philosophers and others had in the past, argued for the necessity of being kind to animals (Schopenhauer probably being the most notable case because of his deep respect for Buddhism), Peter Singer was probably the first philosopher in Western philosophy to set out a systematic rational set of arguments for regarding the rights of animals. Singer's primary argument, and a very interesting one, is science has demonstrated we show very close connections to many kinds of animals, particularly in the structures of our vital organs, nervous systems and brains. Singer gathers some strong evidence from biology showing how many animal species are apparently capable of feeling pain and hence of suffering. On these grounds Singer argues animals are entitled to certain rights, at least when they are being used by humans. The fact animals can suffer means we can't just treat them as another form of material object or resource for our use, but we need to consider them as fellow beings. Singer builds up a set of arguments against eating animals, using animals in agricultural contexts, using animals for scientific experimentation, or using animals for commercial research such as the testing of cosmetic products. Singer draws on some infamous and damning experiments which seem to have caused terrible pain and suffering to animals for little apparent gain in scientific knowledge, including the use of 'rape racks' and virtual torture of infant monkeys in one series of experiments. At the end of the book, Singer presents several vegetarian recipies and hopes readers will stop eating meat on this example. Singer's work has been very powerful in its influence, and several philosophers built on and expanded on his work. However, others have criticized his arguments quite strongly, on many grounds. It has also become a kind of manifesto for many animal rights campaigners and animal liberationists, some of whom have resorted to violent means to 'free' animals from scientific experimentation. While I admire Singer's rigorous arguments as well as the formidable evidence he marshals to back it, I cannot entirely agree with them. It seems that at least some scientific research involving animals is necessary for fighting many awful diseases and conditions which cause terrible human suffering. I think a total ban on animal research, especially medical research and biotechnology research aimed at improving human health, is excessive. Animals also form an essential part of the livelihood of many people around the world. No doubt in many cases some practices lead to animals suffering, but does this mean all useage of animals in agriculture should be stopped? Where do we make changes? When do we make them? I certainly agree agriculture should be done in such a way animal cruelty is removed, and suffering reduced as much as possible, but preventing all suffering is impossible, and reality will require compromise. Also as another ecologist remarked, sometimes practices which cause harm to an individual animal is necessary to protect the overall ecosystem. Hunting rabbits and kangeroos or cats or horses will cause suffering to these creatures, but is often a necessity in Australia where in many areas these animals are dangerous pests that ruin the native environment through overpopulation or hunting. Still, the strongest thing in favour of Singer's thesis is that we do share a profound connection with nature, and our terrible disregard for the biosphere is coming back to haunt us in the form of mass extinctions of species. We certainly need to redevelop a sense of what Edmund Wilson calls 'biophilia', a sense of affinity with nature and the natural world, rather than simply seeing it as another object to gratify our desires 
Anyone who wishes to build a Japanese tea room either in the garden or attached to their house could do well to start with this book. You can also use this book to design accents for a single room, or to craft an entire house. It was written by a German architect who lived in Japan several decades ago and carefully measured surving older buildings as well as studying architecture there. While there are more detailed books in Japanese, this may well still be the best available book in English 
Time was when the words Betty Crocker actually stood for something good in cookbooks, although the books' recipes, for better or for worse, were always a product of their times. The very first "Betty Crocker Picture Cook Book" was published in 1950 (still available), revolutionized how cookbooks were produced, and was an enormous best-seller. The recipes were the result of much thorough testing in the company's kitchens and in homes across America. This was cooking from scratch with very little reliance on convenience foods in its pages. This gradually changed as Betty and her books became more and more of a shill for General Mills' products and her name got plastered on one mix after another to the benefit of the company's bottom line, but to the detriment of good cooking. The two all-purpose cookbooks that came out in 1961 and 1969 were both loaded with recipes and wonderful tips/helps, although you could see the beginnings of sacrificing quality for convenience--especially in the 1969 edition--but this was still relatively minor in proportion to the majority of the recipes. If you have one of these books, treasure and keep it; you'll never see their likes again. The current 10th edition looks good but, like the past several editions, the number of recipes has been drastically reduced. Gone are the many variations, which are especially missed in baked goods. It was wonderful having recipes of many cakes that were sized for two people or small families and having different mixing methods to choose from. Now way too many recipes are of the "dump and stir" method instead of choosing methods that would insure the best results. Also gone is the very friendly, assuring, conversationial voice of yesteryear. Yes, there are recipes covering a wider range of ingredients and styles, but they are mostly stripped-down versions. It's obvious that the folks at Betty Crocker now seem to think that no one really cooks anymore and can't be bothered with proper preparation of dishes, which begs the question of why General Mills even bothers to publish these cookbooks anymore. The "Better Homes and Gardens New Cookbook" is a better bet for those looking for an all-purpose, everyday guide. It has a better layout, the recipes and ingredients are generally of a higher quality, and there are more recipes and variations than Betty Crocker's had in some time. Even better, if you care at all about the quality of the food you eat and serve your family, I highly recommend the cookbooks of Cooks' Illustrated/America's Test Kitchen. Their comparable, general-purpose cookbook is called "The America's Test Kitchen Family Cookbook." The recipes are tested and reworked--dozens of times, if necessary--to be the best their staff can make them and you get precise directions in preparing them. It's a shame that Betty Crocker has abdicated her throne and good name, but there's even better stuff out there now. Go for it! 
This was my first Julie Garwood novel and it was very good. I thoroughly enjoyed this authors descriptive characterization. The playful bantering had me laughing uncontrollably and falling in love with the characters even more with every page I read. With all the other reviews, I don't need to explain the plot. It isn't anything new for the romantic suspense genre, but very entertaining and an enjoyable read. It has mystery, intrigue, suspense, action, and romance. What more can a reader want? Is it worth the money? Definitely. Can't wait to read more. 
Here's a book that would have made a great spreadsheet. There's a lot of data here, displayed via a string of pictographs. Text in this book serves to provide directions only. I would have rated this higher if it provided a little background on the location, the history, geographic features, etc 
This book tells us the truth that has been hidden from most U.S. citizens for so many years. Each chapter tells about a different regime change given us all the dirty little details, names and places of the participants. This book helped me and will help all of us to finally understand "why they hate us". I only regret that their is not a sequel 
I really enjoyed this book. It took me a while to read it, about 2 months, because it's definitely not fast paced. I was glad I had seen the movie first because it made the whole thing easier to understand. Mr. Darcy is "pride" and Elizabeth Bennett is "prejudice". These two are made for each other, unbeknown to themselves. This is essentially the story of how they fall in love, with lots of twists and turns. I really like Mr. Darcy. He is the perfect gentleman. He is readily willing to admit his own faults, when they are brought to his knowledge. He also doesn't retaliate when rejected by Elizabeth and accused of things he didn't do or that are misunderstood. Elizabeth is also wonderful. She is doubtful about people and quite cynical. I really like that about her. It makes for some great banter between Darcy and herself. My favorite part of the book is when Elizabeth see Darcy at Pemberly. This is where I think she begins to fall in love with him. Pemberly is where he is at home- where is is truly himself. I would probably be charmed by him too! This book took a little commitment to get through, but once I got into it, I couldn't wait to see what happened next, even though I already knew the story. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys Regency England 
While this book may give some basic ideas that are useful to keep in mind while you are trying to understand your relationships with others, in the end it is just another attempt to give people answers they want even though such answers don't exist. I'll admit that being a first or second born might have a general effect on your personality, but just how far can we take this kind of analysis? The author of this book goes so far to offer that by knowing your own birth order and that of your same-sex parent, he can determine the birth order of your ideal match. My father was 3rd and I was 2nd, thus I should pair with a 4th born. Anyone who thinks about that for five seconds should realize that it is totally bogus pseudo-science. There are too many factors involved to be able to make such predictions. Not every Nth born is the same, and no relationship between Nth and Mth borns can be analysed this way. As with astrology, the only thing this book can do is unnecessarily deter you from pursuing relationships with people just because they are the wrong "sign". Who's to say I won't get along with a 2nd born? Rather than relying on voodoo like this, we are better off just paying attention to how we actually get along with other individuals 
This books should be called "The random thoughts of a rich old man." It appears to me someone followed Mr. Buffet around and wrote down what ever he said then thought "how do I present this is a book?, oh how about a random collection of dis-jointed thoughts! yea that's it!! 
Citizen explores just what freedom really is as it follows a young man, Thorby, as he matures from boy to man. Starting as a slave sold to a most unusual beggar, Baslim, we see the first aspect that many equate with the absolute opposite of freedom, though we see that in fact 'slaves' sometimes have more freedom of choice than 'free men'. The society he paints here is vivid and believable (though the economics of slavery in a star-travelling culture has always seemed a little dubious to me). Baslim is far more than he appears to be, and puts Thorby through a rigorous education, both academic and practical. How do you become a really good beggar? Here Heinlein falls in with Ayn Rand - whatever you do, do it to the best of your ability, from begging to juggling. Also there are several comments included here about the integrity of the self - lies to others and misleading yourself both come in for some dictums. These are items that may pass over young readers' heads, but perhaps planting seeds that all assumptions should be examined, nothing should be accepted on 'faith', that personal integrity is more important than 'success', that consequences of actions should be examined carefully before committing to that action. Later, Baslim calls in some favors and sends Thorby to live with the Free Traders, a group of space merchants that keep to themselves with their own unique culture. Here Thorby discovers another aspect of freedom: a person's ability to do as he wishes is severely constrained by the culture in which he lives. The Free Trader society (which owes much to Margaret Mead's seminal ideas, and highlighted by an anthropologist character named Margaret Mader - Heinlein was not usually so obvious with his names) of rigid matriarchal domination and separation into moieties provides security, peace of mind, and the ability through rigid rules of formalism to allow a small group of people to live together for extended periods without breaking any heads, but has as its downside great limitations on freedom of choice. This section of the book may be the best part, as the society is so different from today's American culture that it becomes fascinating in its own right, apart from its effects on Thorby. Thorby himself grows and changes significantly in this part of the book, from first love to determining just how he must balance the demands of duty and personal desires. The last section deals with Thorby back on Earth, within a society not much different from our own, and shows a third aspect of freedom: the internal courageousness to make your own decisions and act upon them. Freedom is just as constrained by internal timidity and/or defining decisions as by external forces. As this last section offers little in terms of new or different views of society (though it is a good mirror of some of the flaws of a capitalistic/lawyer dominated one), it isn't as engrossing as the first two sections, but is highly important in terms of completing Heinlein's thematic investigation of all aspects of freedom. Characterization other than Thorby and Baslim is pretty thin, especially for the females that appear in supporting roles. This was fairly typical for his juveniles, as they were basically strong adventure novels with their primary focus on their central character. But the thematic line on slavery/freedom is much stronger here than most of his messages in other books, and as this particular position is also stated in some of those other works (most especially Farnham's Freehold), has to be seen as one of Heinlein's personal beliefs (unlike some other positions he proposes in his books that seem mainly designed to stir up debate). This book is not Heinlein's absolute best, nor even the best of his so-called 'juveniles' (which are typically better reading than most 'adult' mainstream bestsellers), but still provides an engrossing, fun, and illuminating read. Recommended for all readers willing to look at life styles different from their own. --- Reviewed by Patrick Shepherd (hyperpat) 
﻿Millennials Rising is the latest book in the generational series by the authors William Strauss and Neil Howe, focusing this time on the generation born after X. For those not already familiar with the authors' theory, Strauss and Howe are two authors who began writing about generations in 1991. They wrote the book Generations, which introduced a theory that generations fall into four re-cycling types, and each type comes of age during a different kind of era, or "turning". The Silent Generation is of the "adaptive" type, for instance, passive, gentle, and in tune with their emotions, and came of age during the Golden Age of postwar America. The Baby Boomers, remembered for their "Awakening" in the 1960s, are of the "idealist" type, concerned with God and spirituality and impassioned about what they believe in, but inclined to change during life (from hippie to the current "Just say no" control freak). Generation X, which they named the Thirteenth Generation, is of the "reactive" type, being alienated, street-smart and materialistic, without a feeling of need to be "loyal" to anything, coming of age during the 1980s and 1990s. They then first identified everyone born since 1982 as the "Millennial Generation", and predicted back in 1991 that it would be grow up to be optimistic, hard-working and clean-cut, just like the G.I. Generation that fought World War II, going back to the "civic" type generation before the Silent Generation. In 1993 they published the book Thirteenth Gen, which specialized in Generation X and why they are the way they are. In their third book, The Fourth Turning, they went back to the whole theory and writing about all the generations. They also changed the archetype names from adaptive, idealist, reactive and civic to Artist, Prophet, Nomad and Hero. Strauss and Howe wrote in this book about an upcoming era of epic battle and mass destruction, much like the one in which the G.I. Generation came of age. They then predicted the Millennial Generation would form the role of Heroes during the coming crisis, and they would lower teen pregnancy rates, stop using drugs, serve the United States, in uniform even, and desist with using profanity. So then in 2000 they put out this book, Millennials Rising. In this one the authors try to explain the Millennial Generation (my generation). Millennials Rising attempts to identify who we, the most ethnically diverse generation in American history as they note, are. In Millennials Rising they write about this generation's Boomer parents and their influence on the Millennial Generation, as well as the kind of world in which this generation is growing up (which S think of as hundreds of television channels, SUV lifestyles, rappers who swear, and people who smack each other on TV). The book states that Millennials want to work together in teams, believe the people in authority know more about right and wrong than they do, are enthusiastic about learning and going to school, are loved and protected by their parents, achieve great things in school and will achieve great things in the future, and lest we forget, always want to exude that "positive peer pressure" on their fellow Millennials. The obviously leads to the question, then, is the generation really optimistic, hard-working and clean-cut just as they say? Consider this: Only 28% of high school seniors say that the work they get assigned at school is "meaningful", only 21% describe their courses as "interesting" and still barely over a third, 39%, believe that what they do in school will have any relation to their success later in life. The generation was supposed to be enthusiastic about learning. The Millennial Generation also rapidly increased drug use, especially pot, from the level at which Generation X was using them in its teens, as even the authors themselves note. S portray the world of edgy entertainment, such as television shows, movies and music, as a Zoroastrian battle. In popular music, for instance, artists are described by extremes that either represent the alleged Millennial values or go actively against them -- on one side, artists like Eminem, Limp Bizkit and Marilyn Manson, on the other, boy bands and Britney Spears and her imitators, along with such second-tier bands as the S Club 7. They do not deal with the Millennial interest in bands that lie somewhere in between the two. For instance, Blink-182 is just about the biggest band around now, and yet Millennials Rising does not mention Blink-182 and the many young fans who make the band a success. South Park: Bigger, Longer, Uncut is the authors' idea of where popular culture is today. Millennials Rising heralds boy bands as what music will increasingly be like as the current decade unfolds, and blasts the "edgy" bands as groups that will be washed away, but could the authors have predicted bands like Good Charlotte or artists like Avril Lavigne? This leads to the bigger question of whether the book and the theory will be able to predict anything. S write about "rebelling by being better" during the present decade. Apparently, their idea of rebellion is not listening to Limp Bizkit, blasting censorship, or doing illegal drugs, but wearing preppy clothes, waiting until marriage to have sex, and trusting their government. According to them, we should expect to see Millennials petitioning for policies that will punish their own peers. S write that we will accept the draft and join the military in great numbers when the crisis presents us with a war, and even do National Service. Frankly, can anyone imagine any more than 20% of today's high school students doing their duty and risking their life in war in the name of America? Also, our generation has done nothing to make a commitment to following Bush as leader during the Iraq War, while S predict Millennials serving their president. How suited to a Hero generation is that? The G.I. Generation followed FDR so blindly they had to print his campaign materials in Braille. When it comes to rallying around their president and leading the direction of the nation during a crisis, Millennials have surely disappointed those who expected them to do just as the authors said we would. This, of course, does not have to be a bad thing, but it does make you wonder about the limitations of the predictive abilities of the theory. Some parts of it make for very interesting reading, but all the talk about how they are to be the "next great" generation gets to you sometimes. S seem to believe you can never think too big about those Millennials. Millennials Rising presents an image of youth that is set to amaze you and will attract readers, but sometimes what the book describes just isn't happening 
Oh.... my.... God!!!! There is another Patricia Kennealy running mad through the streets and shouting about high schoolish love fantasies that exist only in her mind. I thought one Patricia was enough. But after reading this book, I am faced with the frightening realization that there are TWO of them! Also, what I find very disturbing is that this version of Patricia may be even daffier than the original version. After reading just 6 or 7 pages of this hallucination horror show it was evident to me that the author is suffering from a case of Patriciaitis and a dose of Kennealyism. By the 40th page I was searching for my red slippers so I could click them together and get back to Kansas. Or anywhere else, as long as my copy of this book didn't make the trip with me. A pack of lies and a waste of paper and time. I would rather read Mary Poppins than wade through this endless journey of rubble. 
I bought this book 2 years ago - almost to the day...I have the receipt stuck in the book...I can only seem to force myself to get to page 50 and then I just can't stomach anymore and I put it down for 2 more years. Maybe this is a piece of art. Something to be treasured and something that should change your life. But pleasure reading shouldn't be this painful. I wish the store would take it back - but I think I've probably had it for too long 
My only caveat about this otherwise enjoyable installment in the Eve Dallas series is that the web site did not prominently state (i.e., I missed it!) that this had previously been published as part of an anthology. I made the mistake of only checking the publishing date, decided it was a new novella published independently (as would be deserved, given the track record of the series), and ordered it without checking further. My bad. But a reminder to readers who want to buy everything from the series -- be sure to read the description carefully enough to determine whether it is a previously-published-in-a-book-you-already-own item! 
I read this book, loved it, and now want to make a movie of it. There is a local town that has a college, churches, and the overall atmosphere of the town. I felt like I was reading about it while I was going through the book. 
Ayelet Waldman is a graduate of Harvard Law School, so I assume she's an intelligent woman and a good lawyer. She should stick to what she knows. The fact that she's married to a famous author doesn't make her a writer. Her novel is poorly written, overly sentimental and, to put it bluntly, very dumb. What's next? Padma Lakshmi writing a novel because she's married to Salman Rushdie? 
Bill O'Reilly has a good reason for his massive paranoia: Somewhere, deep in the recesses of his brain, he knows something's wrong. Only he's got it backwards: The "secular progressives" are doing just fine, but he's the one with the serious problem. Here's a guy who had to pay millions of bucks to settle a sexual harassment suit; yet, he's proclaiming himself the arbiter of the correct, "traditional" point of view. Only in an era of the stupid, undereducated and witless would Bill O'Reilly have a modest role to play. Save your money 
My brother had severe acne a year or so ago that he inherited from my Dad's side of the family. He had tried antibiotics with no success and wanted to go on Accutane. Having heard bad things about the side effects, my Dad wanted my brother to try the diet for a couple months before deciding to take the medication. He faithfully followed it with no results whatsoever. Some of the ideas in the book are absurd - as a diabetic with a horrible eating habit and no teenage acne, I can tell you that the focus on dieting and insulin spikes as a direct cause of of the condition is preposterous. When I was a teenager, I'd go on serious candy binges that required insulin doses bordering on the irresponsible, and I got through high school with only the occasional zit. I've read that for a small number of people, diet can be a factor for acne, but obviously our experience points to something else as the primary cause (this assumes you eat reasonably well - malnutrition isn't sexy). Since medication should always be a last resort, a change of diet is probably a good first approach for those with minor blemishes, but those with a serious condition should look elsewhere. For the curious, while my brother had some strong side effects from the Accutane (none dangerous, primarily incredibly dry skin and eyes), it certainly succeeded in clearing up his skin 
This thing sat on my shelf, half-read for the longest time. Only the notice of the upcoming release this November of Pynchon's next got me motivated enough to dig into it again. It's not that it isn't brilliant. No one else around can dazzle you with so much wit and wonder. The first encounter with the talking dog is as magical as anything you'll ever read. And it's not like this is the only Pynchon novel that takes some effort to get into. There are plenty of folks who have had to to take a couple cracks at V or Gravity's Rainbow before catching the wave. But Mason and Dixon is a lot of work, if for no other reason than the effort it takes dealing with the mid-18th century prose style. (Can you imagine the effort it took to produce it?) John Barth's Sotweed Factor is similar, and yet somehow infinitely more accessible (and highly recommended!). Pynchon's gift for rapid exposition is not necessarily suited to the constraint on verbal glibness. Especially in a work this voluminous. And yet the darn thing is consistently challenging, if one has the patience and energy to put into it. It seemed to me that the beginning and ending were the best parts, but this could very well have everything to do to the enthusiasm one brings to a new book, and the emotional satisfaction one gain's when reaching towards the conclusion. One thing for sure, for once Pynchon truly has plotted out and delivers a conclusion worthy of the whole work, as opposed to suddenly rushing out a trap door and leaving the reader in a state of suspension (which of course is also one of the many delights of his first three novels). This time one gets the sense that the author has a good deal of affection for his featured players. This book is a great as you want it to be, if you're willing to work at it. I'm just looking forward to the next one being a little more nimble. (Meanwhile, I've got a couple months to see if I can make more of a dent into The Recognitions. 
Having worked with VBScript for a little over four years I am by no means an expert; however, I feel that my experience does give me somewhat of an advanced applied knowledge of scripting. I was pretty skeptical when I saw the word "Advanced" in the title, but this book laid all my concerns to rest in the early chapters. The book begins with securing (including digital certs and policies) and encoding scripts as well as listing some nice techniques for implementing alternate credentials in WMI and ADSI. For me personally, the real meat and potatoes of the book was the copious information pertaining to working with WSF and WSC files. Don and Jeffrey take the time to detail the reasons behind XML functionality as well as it's application within the scripted files. These guys clear up a lot of questions on these two subjects and how to package your scripts using these technologies. They wrap up the package peice with explanations around HTA's and form controls in HTML scripts. The book moves on to cover topics such as ADSI and ADO scripting, working with WshController and remote scripts, WMI and WQL classes and techniques, and different applicable real world examples. All this information is then wrapped up with tidbits of using scripting editors to debug, sign, and package your scripts as well the wizards (WMI, ADSI, WSF, etc) and other tools available to make scripting easier. I've obtained quite a few VBScript books over the years and this one is by far the only one dedicated to truly advanced VBScripting. If you are new to scripting with VBScript, you might want to start with another book geared to learning the methods, properties, classes, etc of the syntax and the technologies it can use. While this book does offer great explanations on advanced topics, you really need to have a solid background in scripting before you read it. Thumbs up! Highly recommended bang for the buck 
There was not a single poem I didn't like, and most of them I loved. Her poems seem to touch upon the core of things. I feel comfortable with saying I think she is in the same league as Mary Oliver, Hafiz, Stafford, And Rumi. 
I've been a fan of Heinlein's SF for just about as long as I've been an SF fan at all (somewhere around thirty-five years). But when I read this collection some twenty-odd years ago, it nearly turned me off to the old man altogether. The fiction is pretty good (although even that isn't Heinlein's best). But to describe the nonfiction accurately, I'd have to use words that Amazon will remove from the review anyway. For the most part, the pieces collected here represent a side of Heinlein I strongly dislike. Though I respect _Starship Troopers_, it's never going to be my favorite Heinlein novel no matter how many times we quibble over the precise definition of "fascism" -- and I'm not going to have much respect for the nonfiction in this collection. And mind you, it's not because I disagree with Heinlein's opinions; it's because he gave bad arguments for them and called other people nasty names when they differed. Some of the stuff collected here is tendentious to the point of being propagandistic. (At least in his fiction, he was able to create characters with points of view that differed from his and get into their heads well enough to present them sympathetically -- in short, to grok them. Not here, boy.) Heinlein (who bought into the Korzybski/General Semantics fad pretty early on) spent a lot of years dismissing philosophers as tailchasers who derive their premises from their conclusions. But his own attempt at philosophy, as represented here in e.g. "The Pragmatics of Patriotism", is very nearly the worst writing on ethical philosophy I've ever seen. Then, too, people who knew Heinlein report that despite his overall gentlemanly demeanor, he could be pretty churlish toward people who disagreed with him. Well, he's certainly unpleasant here; anybody who doesn't agree with him on the need for massive nuclear buildup is dismissed as a poltroon or a custard-head. Even in the unlikely event that I thought he were _right_, I wouldn't find this a very helpful approach. Perhaps more surprisingly, his popular writings on _science_ aren't very good. Asimov's reputation as the "great explainer" is in no danger here. This volume is second only to _Grumbles from the Grave_ in cementing Heinlein's posthumous reputation as a rather mean-spirited fellow whose fictional characters were generally much better company than he was. When I want Heinleinian company, I'll stick to D.B. Davis, Manuel Garcia O'Kelly Davis, and (maybe) Lazarus Long. And when I want to read some humane nonfiction by an SF master, I'll still turn to Asimov. I credit Heinlein with three magisterial novels, several imperfect-but-great ones, and a good number of brilliant short stories. But the stuff in this book should have stayed in his drawer 
I keep reading and listening to his books because everyone says how good they are, but I have never found this to be so. He always strikes me as someone who potters around never really interacting with people who then goes home and writes about it. He seems more at home studying statistics (which he includes everywhere) and drawing his own facile conclusions from these statistics. I always imagine him stuck in his room reading his newspaper, surfing the net and smugly summing up his brief interactions with people in the real world. All his travel books are equally awful as he never really interacts with anyone - just comments on them later. Still lots of people think he is grea 
This story should have and COULD HAVE been really good. It presents a great concept, but the story is just so poorly crafted. It is VERY sexist, the prose is stiff, and the plot is dull. I will concede that it was interesting at times; it kept me reading, but I really didn't get much out of it. I can only praise Heinlein for including the "intelligent conversation" which takes place after the press conference, where there is a great explantion on why the English language is so difficult to learn. The whole story is just very odd. Do read it though. It's a title to read if you wish to be considered "well read." Despite its faults, Valentine Michael Smith will be a character in literature that will never be forgotten, just as we will never forget Atticus from "To Kill A Mockingbird." 
This story, set early in the Known Space period, is an important part of Larry Niven's future universe, full of his accustomed ingenuity in both the plots and the science. The Protectors don't fit quite comfortably into the Known Space Universe, and have raised some problems later, for example in the famous Man-Kzin Wars, where the Known Space universe has been shared by other writers, including Poul Anderson, Jerry Pournelle, SM Stirling and Hal Colebatch, but the story is fine space opera and entertainment, and has a genuine sense of strangeness and wonder that all too often is lacking from contemporary SF 
I am a huge fan of Kathy Reichs' novels and of the TV Series, Bones. However, this book was quite a disappointment to me. I did not care for the way the author wrote dialogue -- Brennan's dialog is not that simplimatic on the TV program, and she certainly would never say, "Where at!?" The author way overused the joke where Brennan did not "know what that means." All I could think of was how much better this novel would have been if written by Reichs herself. I started to jot down the holes in the story but quit after a while 
Wow, I was expecting a fun, light read, and in the first chapter already had to skim over a couple of paragraphs relating to "mishaps" that happen to animals in Zippy's life. Well, I thought, next chapter will be better. NOT. The next chapter included a graphic scene of chickens being slaughtered by shovels! Every chapter so far has had something very disturbing about animals in it! If you are sensitive to these things, I would not recommend the book. I'm not sure I'm going to finish it at this rate. Granted, I AM super-sensitive to any animal suffering, but this is really overload. I'm halfway through and so far this is the list: The aforementioned chicken slaughter, a neighbor stealing her cat and starving it in the basement, another neighbor looking to poison her cat, dog-sitting for friends and losing the dog and not worrying about it that much and finding him dead days later, her father going out with a shotgun to kill the dogs who massacred Zippy's pet chicken, joking about a neighbor enjoying "puppy stew", keeping her two dogs penned up, torturing a raccoon by holding in front of 30 braying hounds.... I mean, does that seem like a lot to you??? For a light-hearted "tender" memoir???? Jeez louise! I can't sleep at night from this book 
I wanted to like this book, but I found it disappointingly thin. I wouldn't go so far as the previous reviewer and dismiss it as hopeless, but it's certainly superficial: Postman seems to rely on secondary sources about Enlightenment thought, rather than any deep reading of Enlightenment texts. The idea of building a bridge to the 18th century seems more like a marketing device, a fresh way of presenting some of Postman's familiar themes, than a serious proposition (He even includes a summary of his disappearance of childhood argument in an appendix). It's a shame, really, because the Enlightenment has been getting too much undeservedly bad press for far too long, and Postman is correct when he points out that we owe much of what's good and admirable about contemporary society to Enlightened thinking. For a much more substantial survey and defence of Enlightenment thought and culture, read Roy Porter's _The Creation of the Modern World: The British Enlightenment_ 
Mystery-writer biographer Cece Caruso is in the midst of book on Nancy Drew author "Carolyn Keene" (actually a pseudonym for numerous authors) when her bookstore-owner friends ask her to deliver a vintage Nancy Drew book to collector Edgar Edwards. Cece is more than happy for an excuse to meet the eccentric millionaire collector. They strike up an immediate friendship, and after showing her his collection, he shows her something really special--a nude portrait of the model who posed for the original Nancy Drew covers. Cece is scheduled to give a luncheon speech at a Nancy Drew convention in nearby Palm Springs, and Edward invites her to use his vacation house there. Delighted at her good fortune, Cece packs up herself and her two friends, Lael and Bridget, a boatload of vintage clothes (which she collects, though she told Edgar she collected nothing) and head for a fun girls' weekend. Unfortunately, someone throws a kink into their plans--a big kink. A dead body. Edgar's body. The suspects are many, including Edgar's boy-toy friend and his majordomo; a wild-eyed Nancy Drew fanatic who wouldn't have wanted that nude painting made public; her less-than-honest, performance artist daughter; Bridget's new boy-toy boyfriend; a shi-shi art dealer. And, of course, Cece herself, who could have endeared herself to the police had she not insisted on solving the mystery herself. But her curiosity about the model in the nude painting, the artist who did the painting, and anything connected to Nancy Drew gets the better of her. The second in the Cece Caruso series is a fun, fast-paced puzzler, and Cece and her "chums" give Nancy a run for her money. The Nancy Drew trivia is fascinating, and the many references to vintage clothing makes me want to learn more. My one beef--Cece leaves town, twice, and stays gone for hours on end without making arrangements for anyone to take care of her dog and cat. I mean, maybe she did make arrangements, but if it was mentioned, I missed it. 
In my usual perusal of the thrift shops for 25 cent novels, i came across this interesting find summer of 2005. from the very first page, the book had me hooked. merricat blackwood is a girl i could relate to on first degree. in her family, she's a bit of a misfit, and as a consequence, finds herself and her older sister constance locked away in their large old house as the town freaks after the *mysterious* death of their entire family at dinner on night. everyone hates them and wants them gone. merricat braves walking to town to buy groceries for her sister with cash from the vast amount of wealth they keep hidden in the house. the towns people sneer at merricat and ask her to leave and she, head lifted, tries bravely to remain unafraid. it is an all together marvelous book for anyone who enjoys the cryptic events that go on behind the scenes of creepy old houses. 
This book was stunning - I was enraptured with the writing and loved the story. So many emotions in one book. Looking forward to reading more from this author 
I was very disapointed by this book. After just finishing the 400+ pages book "Bull! from Maggie Mahar" which is an absolute ecxellent book about market cycles (although the more recent boom of 1982-1999), "The great Crash" was really hard to read. It totally shows its age (it was written more than 50 years ago). The language is hard to understand and some words seem weird in todays time. But its not just the language which makes this book not enjoyable. It is not written with much entertainment value, and the book I mentioned earlier shows clearly that it is quite possible to write an very entertaining book about the stock market. It also is very superficial, it doesn't go into much detail at all. It doesn't tell any examples of real people or anything which would make the book more readable. It lists names and companies without doing a good part of explaning why it lists them. Sometimes I was thinking to myself "Please get to your point." That book was probably a good read in 1955 while people still could relate to most of the names he lists. But now (2004) there must be better books out there about the Crash of 1929. I give it two stars and not one (you can't give zero stars) because it has some interesting facts. Overall I would NOT recommend this book. Try another one about this subject 
This book is rather different. Although it's about Copernicus' book "De Revolutionibus", very little astronomy is discussed. There is also very little about Copernicus himself. The main theme of the book is finding as many still-existing copies of Copernicus' book as possible, and describing each one in detail - the ultimate purpose being the publication of a so-called "census" of that ancient book, i.e., a snapshot in time that identifies and describes each individual copy and where it is located in the world. Since I know nothing about antique book collecting, I learned a lot on this field by reading this book. I was not aware of all the work and travel required in finding a given copy of a book, especially identifying the authors of any hand-written notes on its pages. I did find certain lengthy descriptions rather monotonous, but some of the author's adventures are quite intriguing, particularly where he makes use of his notes to identify possibly stolen copies that eventually surface at auctions or elsewhere. Some aspects of life and technology in the sixteenth century that are important for the theme of this book, as well as discussions of some of Copernicus' contemporaries, are touched upon. But as the author states, this book is really a memoir of his census project. I think that this book would be of most interest to those with a passion for ancient books and ancient book collecting. 
Kudos to Finkelstein for having the courage to tackle such subject matter. The fact that he himself, a descendent of Holocaust survivors, has been attacked and derided for writing it just goes to prove one of his underlying points: you cannot criticize the state of Israel or its proponents without being labeled an anti-Semite. Any discussion of their illegal occupation or the countless UN resolutions condemning them is tantamount to sympathizing and promoting terrorism. By far one of the most interesting sections is the portion dealing with the Swiss banks; this version also has an updated appendix that covers rulings left out of the hardcover edition. Finkelstein does come across overtly hostile at times but his anger is justified and those holding it against him seem to blow it a bit out of proportion. Very odd that those on the far left and far right both give accolades to this work. Hilberg's endorsement carries a tremendous amount of weight, and those unfamiliar with his seminal multi-volume set The Destruction of European Jews would be well served to check it out 
The Plot: After an emotional burnout, both Elias Winters and Charity Truitt are ready for a change. Each ends up moving to Whispering Waters Cove and operating a shop on Crazy Otis Landing. The two are instantly attracted and end up investigating a murder together. I've read this book twice. Initially, I was disappointed in this book. I had just finished reading several other JAK novels. Similar plots, similar characters with similar backgrounds . ... Reading this a second time without the JAK marathon, I found it an enjoyable read. The characters are likable and respectable. Good mystery. Amusing read 
The material is first-rate but his writing style is horrid. His five-part typology of memory doesn't make sense since he is basically repeating the same theme for each type of memory in each chapter. The underlying theme is about the destruction and shattering of the self. Very poorly written and bad organizatino of his material. There are much better and clearer books on the Holocaust! Don't bother with this one 
Sabuda is my all-time favorite pop-up maker! His stuff is so fabulous and intricate, it'll just blow you away 
I found this in the church library, but it is not Christian fiction. It is simply an easy read. The story is sweet, made even sweeter by the topic. Cake. I am not even much of a cake person. I normally prefer ice cream or some sort of brownies/cookies, etc... But, as I read, I found myself longing for a bit of these intoxicating concoctions put together by the narrator. I don't recommend this book if you are diabetic or on a diet. The need for sweets will be simply overpowering 
Boston is trembling under the shadow of a serial murderer with a notably gruesome method of dispatching his victims - brutal, savage rape, an obviously knowledgeable, skillful removal of the uterus while the victim still lives with the coup de grace coming as a slashed throat and severing of the carotid artery! Little wonder the media has awarded him the moniker "The Surgeon". In the course of their investigations, detectives Thomas Moore and Jane Rizzoli discover an earlier case with a virtually identical MO in Savannah in which the murderer, Andrew Capra, was ultimately killed by a stalwart would-be victim who fought back and shot him before he could finish the job! They are startled to discover that the surviving victim, Dr Catherine Cordell, is a noted cardiac surgeon currently practicing in a major Boston hospital, and beyond all belief in the possibility of coincidences, she appears to be the target of the now active killer! Once again, Gerritsen has unerringly brought her intimate knowledge of medicine and the hospital milieu to the table. But, contrary to what one might fairly expect from Gerritsen's past work, has successfully served up a compelling investigative police procedural which lovingly details the forensics, the pathology, the profiling and the gut-wrenching detail in the relentless task force style search for a psychopathic serial murderer! Several superbly paced sub-plots are inextricably woven into one another as the story unfolds - Cordell's slow recovery from the assault she endured two years ago and her halting re-integration into life and the hospital work force; Jane Rizzoli's bristly temperament as the lone Boston female homicide detective and her work-life struggles against the "old boy" attitude of the police force; Thomas Moore's extended grieving period over the untimely loss of his dearly loved wife and the difficulties he faces as he recognizes his entirely inappropriate blossoming romantic feelings for Catherine Cordell; the task force style investigation of "The Surgeon" and his relationship with the long dead Georgia killer; and, Cordell's daily life in the cardiac ward and the emergency room of the hospital and the brilliantly described relationship she maintains with her working partner, Dr Peter Falco. Not only does Gerritsen handle all of this with skill and aplomb but, with every passing page and each successful murder, she ratchets up the suspense as we realize the killer is taunting the police, honing his skills and reaching for Catherine Cordell as his ultimate target. Yet he constantly remains one step ahead of the investigation. A great addition to the library if, like me, you love your easy reading page-flipping thrillers! Paul Weis 
A very good crime fiction book. Connelly fans should buy this book without any hesitation if you don't have it already. Why it's good? 1) Connelly is very good at creating 3 dimensional, believable, realistic characters and this book is no different. 2) A very realistic behind the scene look in the inner workings of a police department, he's supposed to have been a crime beat writer. 3) Logical plot. His books are not as fast flowing or edge of the seat exciting or scary as some thrillers, but they can't be if they are crime fiction. Rather, he takes you through the investigation step by step, going through the process that his detectives go through so you can see how they solve the crime. Cons: The only con I have is that the books are somewhat noir (I'm plagarizing this word from some other review). The thing is, Bosch is not your spiffy "yes sir", toe the blue line cop. And so, even though you want Bosch not to stir the pot and just get on with his detecting he does his best to sabotage his position in the force and your wishes, well, c'est la vie, apparently Connelly likes to put angst in his readers' lives. I'm not going to spoil the book, if you must know what the book is about you can read the intro. All I'm trying to get across is why this book is good. A must buy 
Have you ever met a person where every single thing that happens to them is a spiritual awakening? The kind of person that can't go to the bathroom without making some sort of journal entry of the new vistas they discovered? Well that is the kind of mentality you get with this book. You can't simply look at a sunset and be in awe of nature or God. No you need to relate to it and make it a part of you. I am avery spiritual person and love traveling. I have traveled all over the world and feel complete when I do so. Reading this book did the one thing I never thought was possible, it put me off of traveling. Fortunately, the feeling passed quickly. I will not make little travel shrines. I will not take little spiritual trips across my living room. I will not follow this persons advice. And this book is going nowhere near my rucksack. Sorry, I am too stoic for this book. I would recommend people read books about the places they want to go. Learn their culture and a little bit of their language. Don't worry about the trip just go on it. My passport is the only material possession I truly value. 
I love this cookbook. There are so many amazing recipes. As someone who is allergic to dairy, I am totally blown away at how creamy some of the dishes are. Besides the recipes, the book is filled with beautiful pictures and profound quotes that combine together to create a really special reading experience. I highly recommend this cookbook to vegans, vegetarians, people allergic to dairy and wheat, and meat eaters, as well 
Guido von List was the leader of the Armanen-Orden, the single most important magical order of the 20th century. This book deserves to be on every thinking Germanic Heathen and Magician's bookshelf... Many of List's ideas influenced the most important thinkers of the modern Heathen revival, including Edred Thorsson... The Armanen-Orden still survives in Germany, and von List's Futhork is no less powerful today than it was when it was revealed to him in 1903. In English speaking lands the Knights of Runes continues his tradition. BUY THIS BOOK 
This is one of those life changing books. I first came across this while looking midlessly through my local "spiritual" bookstore and ended up reading the entire thing in the next two hours. As a fast read, with a simple, concise message, this book lacks nothing. It isn't dated, unless you consider religion or spiritual ideas dated. Richard Bach creates a story that can effect you as much or as little as you want- but it teaches the precepts of becoming a messiah yourself and helps you to view Jesus, Christianity, God, and yourself in a brand new light. Needless to say, this is a five out of five. Buy it today and then give it away 
The most depressing thing about a book like this is not the outrageously inaccurate content, but, based on the high ratings and adulatory comments by other reviewers, that most people actually believe this drivel. How can we possibly form an effective energy policy when the citizenry are not only uninformed but ill-informed? The answer is that we cannot. I will not bother to go through a detailed criticism, not only because it would take an almost book length document to do it, but because, in the highly politicized atmosphere we live in, no one would believe it. Today, the "truth" depends much more on one's political views than on an objective evaluation of the evidence. 
I suppose every author in this genre comes to the table with an agenda. That being said, in this book, Mr. DiLorenzo seems to play fast and loose with the facts (or at least with his conclusions). The flyleaf of this book promises "extensive research and meticulous documentation" but at least one other reviewer has already pointed out some problems with this author's historical research. That should raise a red flag to anyone reading this book. Consider this: The author claims Lincoln was more interested in building an American "empire" by centralizing Federal power than ending slavery. This implies Lincoln was premeditated in what he would do as President. I challenge anyone who believes that to read Lincoln's actual words and, more importantly, examine his actions. This we know: Abraham Lincoln was a complicated man and, as a thoughtful person, his views on slavery changed during his many years in public life. He came to believe that slavery would not die out on its own. I do recommend purchasing and reading this book since it is so different from the mythical view we have of Lincoln today. However, when it comes to some of the "facts" and conclusions expounded in this book be very careful what you believe 
We know some things about Saul of Tarsus (later named the Apostle Paul) but a complete biography is always lacking because of sketchy and incomplete information. Most everything we know from Paul is from the Dr. Luke in the Book of Acts or Paul's epistles themselves. II Peter Chapter 3 makes some very intriguing statements. Peter, in some of his last earthly words before martyrdom, validates Paul's apostleship and states that some of his writings and teachings are difficult but that we should follow them. Pollock's book is presented as documentary-style reading since Paul's complete biography is not entirely clear. There is much the author states is inference or speculation. If you can respect that and not build doctrine and facts on where the evidence is fuzzy, I think this is an excellent book. One example of "fuzzy" facts that Pollock considers is the age-old controversy over the authorship of the Book of Hebrews. The author of Hebrews does not identify himself and scholars argue who wrote it. Pollock speculates that Paul, while imprisioned in Acts Ch. 24 for two years may have had time and motivation to write the book to the people he so desparately wanted to reach. With his imprisonment and his controversial style among the Jews, he may have left his identity anonymous so he himself would not be a stumbling block to reach his Jewish brothers. Eternity will reveal who wrote the Book of Hebrews but it is certainly a plausible theory. Overall, the greatest benefit in reading this book is to provide a better framework for understanding Paul as he travels among the early churches and wrote letters to them correcting the various false teachings and problems that developed. 
For someone who spends his career attacking politically-motivated science, Stephen Jay Gould does a pretty good job combining scientific research with politics in this book. Gould rambles on and on, attacking giants of modern science like Samuel Morton and Francis Galton, and never putting up any serious scientific conclusions of his own. Gould presents fabricated objections to serious research and selectively excludes studies that make a clear correlation between intelligence and brain and skull size as well as differences in brain size between the human population groups and correlations between brain size and class. Gould only ridicules the most outlandish claims of scientific racism and refuses to pick on findings that have been proven correct. For anyone who has no knowledge of biology, this book will give them a very distorted view of the entire science. Stephen Jay Gould is a paleontologist; evolutionary biology is an amateur field for him, and it would be best if he, as well as all other crypto-Marxists who wish to blend science and politics, stay out of it 
I found this book extremely verbose and unorganized. It would serve as a great reference book for a lab researcher or grad student. But it's way too technical and dense for an introductory genetics class. The authors do a poor job presenting the material in a comprehensible way to an undergraduate genetics student. Not recommended 
A useful reference work for anyone interested in the literature of the ancient world, The Oxford Companion to Classical Literature is arranged alphabetically and contains encyclopedic entries for all of the major authors and their particular works, Greek and Latin gods, mythological characters, histories of Greece and Rome, major historical figures, and relevant places. The original edition of the 1930s by Sir Paul Harvey became a classic of its own and was intended by the author to be a handbook of information for readers of the Greek and Latin authors and of modern works that touched upon the classical world. The current second edition is edited by Margaret Howatson, who revises and enlarges the Harvey edition. She notes that while a few of the entries on technical subjects were written with classical specialists in mind, the book generally requires no knowledge of Greek or Latin and is intended for anyone curious to find out more about the classical world. An ideal companion for any reader interested in Greek or Latin literature and history 
This novel was amazing. It is just as good as Jurassic Park and I recommend it to anyone who loved Jurassic Park. This novel is much better than the movie so if you liked Lost World, then you should definitely read this. Crichton realistially extends this series and keeps you entertained throughout the book. Once you pick it up, you won't want to put it down 
Although interesting, these are designs and concepts that are not practical in the real world. But, if all you want are some pretty pictures.. 
This book is almost useless for helping someone understand how to use acupressure to alleviate physical symptoms. As a licensed massage therapist who already knows quite a bit about acupressure, I am always willing to learn more about any kind of bodywork. I had hoped to be able to pass on some ideas to my clients for self help but this book was definitely not it. The book gives some accupoints for specific problems, some of these are "golden points" able to stand alone in use, but others are not. The book gives no order to use these in and furthermore does not specify if all or any of the points are to be used together in sequence, or not. Also,it does't tell where the points are EXACTLY. There are really too many flaws to go into here. Acupressure is very complex, this book tries to simplify it to the point that it looks like some goofy folklore advocating some bad mojo 
Inspired by his uncle, Eddie, who worked at an amusement park, Albom writes a well-coordinated tale of people who connect here and in the afterlife, which is described by him as a very materialistic ambience. The concept is old: a better life beyond and a reason for the people with whom you cross paths. There are concepts to be learned from the five people. The story is delightful and cavalier. Trish New, author of The Thrill of Hope and South State Street Journal 
And you shouldn't inhale. Several reviewers have ecstatically proclaimed this book and movie to be an eye-opening, truth-revealing work, but those who are credulous enough to think they learn history through agenda-focused books and films like "Hunting" need to go back and see other "documentaries" like "Triumph Of The Will", "The Eternal Jew" or "Reefer Madness". Let's be honest, people. This book was written by a strongly pro-Clinton columnist and the movie was produced by well-known FOB (Friend Of Bill) Harry Thompson. It's about as objective as the factually challenged "Fahrenheit 9/11", a work that Moore himself now calls "satire". (By the way, I'll bet you didn't know that many Middle Easterners who have seen Moore's movie are outraged at the shallow, stereotypical and racist image he presented of their people and culture.) The point is, whether intentional or just laziness these dime-a-dozen political books typically contain significant misrepresentations. If you're already a member of the author's congregation, you won't care. You'll shout "hallelujah!" and say that "Hunting" has given the world Great Truths. But clear thinkers understand that it's foolish to uncritically accept the representations in either this book or the followup movie. 
Hands down this is Bukowski's single worst book. Bought it when it first came out just before/after his death in 1994. Having read just about everything the man had written, "Pulp" was a hugely disappointing epitaph. If you've never read Bukowski start with "Post Office" or the short story collections, but avoid this like the plague. A bad book. I can't think of a single reason to recommend it 
I would normally not read Barbara Taylor Bradford but my boyfriends' Mom gave it to me as part of a present, so I said what the heck, I'll try it. Just as disappointing as I'd expected. Light, uninteresting, and with no real plot or ending. As for the historical pages, read Catherine Cookson instead. I may go back and listen to A Woman of Substance only because other reviewers seemed to have enjoyed it. But this sequel was too into clothes and the finer things, and full of too-successful, too-beautiful men and women. Not believable. 
This book is great for encouraging students to ask questions and infer meaning! Try it out in the classroom 
[Joshua 6:23,21]Joshua said to the people of Israel, "The Lord has given you the city of the all silver, and gold, and vessels of brass and iron, are consecrated unto the Lord: They shall come into the treasury of the Lord. The people utterly DESTROYED ALL THAT WAS IN THE CITY, BOTH MAN AND WOMAN,YOUNG AND OLD, AND OX AND SHEEP, AND ASS, WITH THE EDGE OF THE SWORD. Deuteronomy 17:3-5 "And he should go and worship other gods and bow down to them or to the sun or the moon or all the army of the heavens, .....and you must stone such one with stones and such one must die." Romans 1:20-32 ....32. "Although they know God's righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death, they not only continue to do these very things but also approve of those who practice them." Numbers 31: And the Lord said unto Moses, "Avenge the children of the Mid'-an'ites.. They warred against the Mid'-i-an'ites, as the Lord commanded Moses, and they slay all the males. And they took all women as captives, and their little ones, and took the spoil of all their cattle, and all their flocks, and all their goods. And they burnt all their cities wherein they dwelt, and all their goodly castles, with fire. Moses said, "HAVE YOU SAVED ALL THE WOMEN ALIVE? NOW KILL EVERY MALE AMONG THE LITTLE ONES, AND KILL EVERY WOMAN that has known a man by lying with him, but all the young girls who have not known a man by lying with him keep alive for yourselves." [Quran-60:8-9] GOD does not enjoin you from befriending those who do not fight you because of religion, and do not evict you from your homes. You may befriend them and be equitable towards them. GOD loves the equitable. GOD enjoins you only from befriending those who fight you because of religion, evict you from your homes, and band together with others to banish you. You shall not befriend them. Those who befriend them are the transgressors. 
Ever since Tuesdays With Morrie I have been intrigued by ALS and the ways that people cope with its devastating debilitation. Morrie has given us so much with his aphorisms and insights regarding living life 
I agree with the reviews already written. I too got bogged down with trying to keep track of the names. It is when I got to the end I found the listing of the people. If I had known that earlier it would have reduced my mind confusion. Really enjoyed the way the book was written. You felt their pain with out seeing their blood. I better understand the explosion 
I thought this book was going to be a great Legal Thriller, but little did I know that it would turn out to be the worst book I have ever read. I expected a lot more out of Scott Turow, who wrote "One L", which I loved, but this book was plan boring. The begining started out slow and it never picked up from there! The worst Legal Thriller, ever 
I found this book to very informative. In a nutshell, it tells you how food is processed throughout your system and it's reaction. Like, fresh vegatables can be eaten with anything but starches don't digest well with meat. There are stages to going *Raw* that Ms. Rose has honestly and clearly put out there. Our bodies just can't go Raw over night. Yhere is a change in the digestive system. I know from my experience how my body feels when I eat raw for several days and then introduce the wrong combonation of foods. I feel like I'm suffering at the toilet.Sorry. Natalie gets you through the stages of developing this life style. It's a Detox program not a cookbook. It has recipes for all the stages to going *Raw. Ms. Rose hershelf claims it took several years for her to go completely Raw. The recipes are for those various stages. I don't find anything wrong with this book. As far as enzymes. All foods have them, and yes our body has them too. When cooking foods you are breaking down the enzymes that are packed with nutrients. That simple. We want to incorporate more enzymes or natural living food into our bodies. And if you read your Bible...you will know what it means to eat pure food. Eat what the Lord has provided for you. You best optimal health can continue and grow from eating more living foods. I was on this plan for a month. Without exercise I did the stage 3 and followed through the evening. I lost 16lbs in a month! I didn't even do an enema yet. My body was doing well everyday several times a day getting rid of the waste I've manage to occumalate. I didn'want to wear my food anymore. My insulin was way off from process snacks. This really help me feel the difference and pay respect to the best thing I could have done for myself. This book is a great beginning. I hope you see it the way I do 
I have purchased probably 5 business plan books and software packages over the last 8 years. None of them were clear enough or easy enough to get me through the process of writing a good, complete business plan. This one really works. I sat down with the book and software, and over the course of a week, wrote a business plan that has received great results. Every business owner needs a business plan and this is somethig that you really do have to do for yourself. Unfortunately, writing a good business plan does not come easily to many people. This book will get you through the process, and you will end up with a good plan. My only complaint is that the software is windows only 
Usually it's a struggle to get my 10 year old son to read. He could not put this book down and has spent the last few days reading it aloud to me and citing different stories. Now he wants me to look for similar books. A success! 
This is one of Nora Roberts' best books ever! I have read everything she's written and this is now my all time favorite. I ADORE this book. The characters are interesting and very human, the plot is gripping and the background fascinating. Callie, an archeologist, comes to a little town in Maryland to set up a dig and ends up learning about her birth parents and reuniting with her ex-husband. What I really like about this is the two main characters already have a history before this book so its so much that they fall in love on the spur of the moment, like most romances (including Roberts). Definitely a book I highly recommend for both the romance and the thrilling plot. It will keep you glued to the pages until you figure out who the bad guys are 
Note to reviewers - the title of the book was a play on Hillary claiming that there was a "vast right wing conspiracy" against her husband in the Monica scandal - she and others stridently argued that the attacks on her husband were due to a right wing conspiracy (right up until the stains on the little black dress ruined everything). This is an excellent non-polemical book that sets out the steps taken by the left to unseat Bush. I watched from Canada and monthly visits to the US (business) and the book accurately reflects what was going on (rightly or wrongly) at the time. It describes how a loose linkage of the media, Hollywood, pop stars, MoveOn.org (Soros), academia, Kerry spinmeisters and the intelligentsia on the left and right coasts self organized to bring down Bush and the GOP. It is a good read and ties together many of the disparate threads into a reasonably accurate picture. Perhaps the book can be faulted - hence only 4 stars - because there certainly was strident activity on the right too. Limbaugh, Hannity and O'Reilly, of course, doing their thing although not with the power of the mainstream media and Hollywood behind them. For me the interesting theme he points out is the self organizing nature of the endeavour driven by an almost irrational loathing of Bush. Recall many Hollywood gliterrati threatening to move to Canada if Bush was elected. I'm editorializing here - but it does seem strange that some reviewers - notably one from the UK - use this site as a platform for gross anti-US, anti-Bush remarks rather than taking the time to actually critique the book in question 
While this book contains a ton of data, don't get it if you want calorie counts on anything homemade. If you look up french toast, for example, it only gives information on name brand items. Much of the information in the book is available on the packaging of the products. I suppose that if you wanted to check it before shopping, or use it before eating out, it would be helpful. But if you want to find out the caloric content of any homemade items, you are out of luck with this book 
While I found this book interesting and informative when it dwelled upon the personalities and contributions of the physicists who discovered and explored the field of quantum mechanics prior to WW2, I found two problems with the book as it entered the war. First, it spent too much time, at least for me, on the details of minor episodes and players. In this sense, I might have appreciated the treatment had I been a scholar researching the field - but I wasn't. Hence, I often found the reading dull. Second, I found Powers' ultimate thesis - that Heisenberg purposefully delayed the German atomic bomb program - unpersuasive. It appeared to me that Powers often strained his interpretation of the facts to make them conform to his thesis. For example, when reviewing Heisenberg's "Farm Hall" statement in August 1945 that two tons of U235 was required to make an atomic bomb, Powers suggests that because Heisenberg articulated the appropriate lesser amount a week later, and because he purportedly suggested at an earlier date that a bomb could be the size of a football, his "two ton" statement was a purposeful "error." Equally persuasive, if not more, is the simple thought that Heisenberg did indeed grossly overestimate what was required, thereby prompting him to tell Speer in 1942 that a bomb was impractical. This is not to say that Powers is necessarily wrong. I simply believe that based on the facts he presents, the issue remains debatable 
If the author's misuse of the apostrophe in the title is any indication of how they wrote the rest of the book, I would stay away 
This seemed too long and too drawn out 
A lot of the reviews I have read here, both positive and negative, have noted Smith's acerbic and sometimes hostile tone. In my own discussions on god, particularly when engaging Christians, I probably would not use SOME of the more harsh language found in the book. It tends to be devisive and unproductive, and also reinforcing many of the deragatory stereotypes that are applied to Atheists. That does not mean that any of Smith's arguments are not legitimate or powerful. They should be confronted by ANYONE who takes any position regarding religion or god. Perhaps the most revealing and important passage of the work comes at the beginning of the Chapter discussing the purported "proofs" for the existence of good posited by Christian Thealogians and laymen. Smith explains that "Many times in the past, before knowing better, I would engage in arguments with theists who claimed to have a rational foundation for their belief. After several painstaking hours of pointing out flaws in the proposed arguments, I would receive some form of the following comment: 'well, it really doesn't matter if these proofs are invalid, because I have faith in the exstence of god anyway.' The Theist who resorts to this approach has no claim to rationality- only lack of integrity." Smith's frustration throughout the text at this type of intrangisence is palpable and, ultimately, entirely understandable. Some of the reviews on this page are illustrative of the general resentment which most Christians seemed to hold for the methods by which human beings acquire knowledge and distinguish truth from falsehood. As an outspoken Atheist, I have heard these types of decrees repeated to me ad nauseum- and they never stop being disturbing. "Lean not on your own understanding," I have been told again and again. "Trust in the lord and stop using all this silly logic," or "god wants us to believe like children," they will say. All I hear is: "I am happy being ignorant. You will be happy in this delusional fantasy land I live in, too. I know god is not just an inadequate answer to these questions, but no answer at all. Things don't need answers, or explanations, or anything. Everything is ok because I have faith in god." Hence, I sympathize with Smith's frustration. I urge all Atheists to read this book, which reads more or less like a conversation between an atheist and an extremely intellectual and sophisticad christian who spews (practically)every argument ever conjured to be a believer or to be a Christian, and has them overwhelmingly refuted. Smith understands the obstanince that Atheists will inevitably encounter when Christians (particularly unsophisticated Christians) are challenged. This is probably the reason why some of his repudiations seem unnecessarily expatiated. Any atheist who has offered apologetics in defense of atheism knows that trying to engage a christian is like playing Whack-a-mole, as soon as one battle is definitvely won the Christian will retreat into a sheild of ignorance. This act, Smith accurately points out, will usually involve the word "faith" being substituted for, but meaning the exact same thing as, "ignorance." I assume this is why SMith so meticulously tears apart the idea of something that human beings call "faith" being an effective(or even theoretically plausible) conduit to fundamental truth. He also points out the common ways that Christians like William Lane Craig and J.P. Moreland use mangled science or language to misrepresent the issues at hand. As a small example of this that I found interesting, in "Does God Exist?," J.P. Moreland states that he believes that people can actually perceive god through something he calls "Numinous Perception." Moreland does not give an explanation of how an outside observer could ever deiscern whether someone was having a genuine "Numinous perceptive" experience, or how exactly numinous perception would actually work physiologically or psychologically. Conveniently, this would rule out any chance of Moreland's hypothesis ever being tested and shown to be accurate or inaccurate. When someone hears an argument like this, one can easily turn to Smith for excellent articulation of why they are absurd and illegitimate. Smith writes: " My argument with the Christian is that he claims to have experienced god, but he refuses to explain the process by which he, a physical organism, experienced this supernatural being. I won't limit him arbitrarily to the traditional five senses, but I will demand that he present evidence for his new perceptual powers. Has he discovered a new sense? Fine, then let him tell us about it so we can test it. No christian has ever succeeded in explaining just how he perceives his mysterious god. He claims to have knowledge of a mysterious, unknowable being, having gained this knowledge in some mysterious unknowable manner. This is totally unacceptable." Moreland's clever creation of a scientific sounding title for perception of god does not help him. This book will help atheists with this type of argumentation through just about any thread of thought a theological argument can get into. Yes, the rhetoric 30 years later SOUNDS more sophisticated (with other clever titles like "intelligent design theory"), but it is not ACTUALLY more compelling or sophisticated than when Aquinas wrote his five proofs or Russell challenged Copelston. I reccomend this book and I can't wait to read "Why Atheism?" (Just as a curious note, does anyone know if SMith actually debated people in public? If anyone knows of any transcriptions id love to read some, please let me know if you do. Clark00018@aol.com ) 
This second edition of a classic provides an update on a reference recommended for college-level collections specializing in Chinese literature. Sources of Chinese Tradition has been recognized already as a scholarly staple: in its new form Sources of Chinese Tradition has been extended to include the Deng Xiaoping and Jiang Zemin eras of China and includes invaluable source readings on history and literature of the times, from the 18th-century Qing civilization onward 
I REALLY enjoyed this book. I thought the movie incorporated most of the good parts in the book. There were some character changes and some additional characters in the book, but I don't think they hurt the story line by trimming here and there. I read the book after seeing the movie - I always wondered what the movie had been based on. I love baseball, and I think the book was great 
I want to make a short comment here: 1) This book is quite confusing. It mixed up the real story with the make up one. 2) Saying that Ramanujun thought Goldbach Conjecture is wrong was a huge mistake. Everyone believe that Goldbach Conjecture is true. And Ramanujun is a real genius. I cannot stand this make up part 
At 37, John Wade was Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota. At 40, he ran for the U.S. Senate. He was heavily favored to win. At 41, he wasn't just beaten in the primary, he was crushed --- "loser by landslide." What happened? John Wade had a secret. As secrets will, it came out at the worst possible time. And, suddenly, he was no longer a rising star --- he was a war criminal, a killer of babies, a man to be shunned. His secret was My Lai. The Vietnam War is now so far from us, and American history --- especially the history of a war we lost --- is so sketchily taught, and some of you are so very young that I really ought to take a minute here and, in quick brushstrokes, relate what happened in a little Vietnam village on March 16, 1968. Better idea: let Tim O'Brien tell it. He arrived in Vietnam a year later, and served as a foot soldier there for a year. Got wounded, got traumatized, the whole deal. Here's his account: At approximately 7:30 on the morning, a company of roughly 115 American soldiers was inserted by helicopter just outside the village of My Lai. They met no resistance. No enemy. No incoming fire. Still, for the next four hours, Charlie Company killed whatever could be killed. They killed chickens. They killed dogs and cattle. They killed people, too. Lots of people. Women, infants, teen-agers, old men. The United States Army's Criminal Investigation Division compiled a list of 343 fatalities and an independent Army inquiry led by Lieut. Gen. William R. Peers estimated that the death count may have exceeded 400. At the Son My Memorial, a large tablet lists 504 names. According to Col. William Wilson, one of the original Army investigators, "The crimes visited on the inhabitants of Son My Village included individual and group acts of murder, rape, sodomy, maiming, assault on noncombatants and the mistreatment and killing of detainees." Eventually, after a cover-up that lasted more than a year and after the massacre made nationwide headlines, the Army's Criminal Investigation Division produced sufficient evidence to charge 30 men with war crimes. Of these, only a single soldier --- First Lieut. William Laws Calley, Jr. --- was ever convicted or spent time in prison. Found guilty of the premeditated murder of "not less than" 22 civilians, Calley was sentenced to life at hard labor, but after legal appeals and sentence reductions, his ultimate jail time amounted to three days in a stockade and four and a half months in prison. Terrible, terrible. (And ironic: Seymour Hersh, who broke the My Lai story, now writes about the Iraq War for The New Yorker.) But in fiction, O'Brien doesn't play judge and jury. John Wade may have been at My Lai and done terrible things there, but he found a way to live with his shame. And here's the remarkable thing --- Tim O'Brien bends over backward to see it Wade's way. What I tell you now may seem like a plot "spoiler." It's not. "In the Lake of the Woods" is a mystery --- maybe even a thriller --- but it's totally innovative in form. That is, we know right off that something happened. The first question is: What happened? And then a gloomier question: Who did it? What we know: After the primary defeat, John Wade and his wife Kathy retreat to a cabin in the Lake of the Woods, a part of Northern Minnesota so remote that there's nothing but water and islands between it and Canada. Thirty-six hours later, Kathy disappears. Did she flee? Did she drown? Did her husband --- reliving his Vietnam experience --- kill her and dump her body into the lake? Not easy questions. And O'Brien doesn't answer them: "I tried to make each hypothesis plausible. John may have killed Kathy. Or Kathy may have run off with someone else. Or maybe she simply drowned. Or got lost in that vast wilderness. I believed in each hypothesis as I wrote it. I inserted evidence to support each hypothesis --- just as life itself gives us contradictory evidence about a great many things. But in the end, it's all a mystery, insoluble, beyond certainty." And to make it more mysterious, O'Brien tells the story from multiple perspectives. Offers testimony from many people. Cites historical documents. And then amps up the uncertainly by giving Wade a hobby --- magic. And maybe that's what it comes down to --- an ungainly kid, an abusive father, a need for approval that never got satisfied. As O'Brien writes: "A fat little kid doing magic in front of a stand-up mirror. 'Hey, kiddo, that's a good one,' his father could've said, but for reasons unknown, reasons mysterious, the words never got spoken. He had wanted to be loved. And to be loved he had practiced deception. He had hidden the bad things. He had tricked up his own life. Only for love. Only to be loved." Too simple? A clue that takes you away from the solution? Could be: O'Brien is that good. (He won the National Book Award for "Going After Cacciato". The New York Times named The Things They Carried as one of the best books of the year in 1990 --- and chose "In the Lake of the Woods" for that list four years later.) This much is sure: You start "In the Lake of the Woods" expecting one kind of book and quickly get another, darker, scarier book. You find yourself thinking "God, this is awful," even as you read faster and faster. You cringe at what Wade might have done, wince for what might have been done to him. And, as he comes apart, so do you. This is a harrowing book, as grown-up as it gets. It's a great story, masterfully told. And more: It draws you in, demands your opinion. And then it demands your honest opinion --- because you have your secrets too, don't you 
I just read this book cover to cover on a flight back to NYC from Barcelona. My mouth watered as I read the included reprints of her past reviews of NYC restaurants - even after my five days of fantastic Spanish cuisine! But more surprisingly, I was drawn in by what seems to be quite an honest glimpse of the NYC restaurant experience seen through the eyes of many "characters". The book left me such respect for the depths that Ruth Reichl went through in order to dine as the everyday person would experience, especially in NYC's "best" restaurants. Her recounts made me actually appreciate the research and dedication required to write a truly objective (as objective as food tastes get, I suppose) review. A very easy and enjoyable read. 
This is the sort of book I have been looking for a long time. I've read other books on the Middle East which purport to have a similar focus, but which are instead incomplete, notably "Sowing the Wind". This book, by contrast, maintains the focus rather carefully and provides a concise history of the whole region. It looks as if the book was written as a textbook for (I would presume) grad students studying the subject, but really any intelligent person can pick it up and learn a great deal. An issue with a book like this is the tone of the work, how well the author writes. Kamrava isn't the second coming of Hemingway, but he's not too bad, either. The book is divided into two portions: first, a historical section that gives you an overview of the region's history, and second a topical section that looks at various issues that impact the region currently. The first section is very readable, the second less so (who actually enjoys reading about economics?). The author, however, does a good job (for the most part) of not sounding like a university professor telling you about something, though he does occasionally use words that are obscure, especially in terms of sub-regions of the Mid East. I still enjoyed this book, thought I got a lot out of it, and would recommend it. The author seems to be a hair more optimistic about the prospects for peace and prosperity in the region than I am, but he makes a good case for his point of view, and the result is interesting 
Not great, maybe, but good. The theme is vampire - the creatures that feed by night on their human cattle. But what if the night goes on and on? Good suspense, good characters and development, and an artistic style that carries the mood. It's a nightmarish visual style and a limited palette (black, white, and blood red), but it works. Recommended. //wiredweir 
I just got a book out of the library. The author is a nut about recording songs and analyzing the sonograms (frequency intensity over time), and in his mind, when he hears a song, he identifies it by how it "looks" in his mental sonogram. This whole idea is amazing, and I think I'll never listen to birds the same way again - just after reading the first few pages! The writing style pulls you into the author's world as he tracks birds and ponders the meaning of their song. If you love birding, you will wish you had been there on every walk, and you'll want to wake up two hours before dawn the next day to discover the amazingly different pre-dawn songs of common birds. The book comes with as CD with 98 tracks of songs, and some of the tracks are slowed down, which really changes your perception and shows you the depth and richness of some of those "blurt" sounds birds make. The Woodthrush at 1/10 speed reminds me of a howling wolf. I know I'll never listed to this song the same way again 
This book is not what I thought I bought. I was expecting information useful to left handers. Instead I found out why society belives left-handers are evil and research on how left handers are formed. I enjoyed reading the encylopedia more than this book. By the way, it was written by a right-handed person 
This book is about yoga for the heart, which is rare in our body sculpting culture, yet paradoxically heart diseases are one of the greatest risk factors for our modern health. A simple, profound gift of yoga is the recognition that the body is the temple for the indwelling spirit. Realizing this simple truth profoundly affects our relationship to the body. Through the author's lifetime committment to the teachings of yoga, we glimpse the relevance of the yogic lifestyle. This book serves as a guide in making healthier choices in everyday life. By walking for awhile with Nischala, we touch a deeper realization of the unity that yoga brings. I recommend this book to any yoga practitioner, teacher, as well as anyone who seeks greater peace of mind and physical well-being 
just awful save your money, this book is not worth it. The pictures are dull and lifeless, boring composition. Mann hasn't captured anything here but a bunch of worthless photos. Any 10th rate amateur photographer could have done better. 
well, i thought that the book was coming. when i did not arrive at the last possible date i emailed and was told it was on backorder. they did let me get a refund which was nice. i would use them again for that reason alone. 
People were looking for a book that could grab them about Nam when this was a best seller in 1972, and this book has details that people were not getting from television or the front page of newspapers in those days. Magazines that published book reviews typically had a view of Nam that was tuned more to the nuance of individual points of view than the geopolitical justifications which failed to consider the nature of the situation in Nam itself as a primary consideration. Portions of this book originally appeared in `The New Yorker,' so the author was becoming widely known as this book was being prepared. Frances FitzGerald's original trip to Vietnam was in February to November of 1966, and resulted in articles for the `Atlantic Monthly,' the `Village Voice,' `Vogue,' etc. People who read fashion magazines were particularly interested in what a nice girl might think of a situation like Nam, where large numbers of young Americans were being subjected to a military view of the situation on a personal level so intense that most publications would refrain from printing the kind of expressions which naturally describe the emotional shock of being shot at or booby trapped in some more surprising fashion. This book is not perfect. The only listing for `Tonkin Gulf Resolution' in the index is for the page on which President Johnson's use of the Resolution is questioned by Senator Fulbright in 1966. That was the time this book is mainly concerned with, but it gives an enormous amount of background information. It is possible to find a listing in the index under ` GVN' for `and U.S. entry into the war, 354' which gives the page that reflects Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara's testimony to Congress that: "It was in response to an amphibious sabotage raid by GVN forces that North Vietnamese PT boats attacked the U.S. destroyer Maddox, mistaking it for one of the South Vietnamese vessels." (pp. 352-353). Actually, the OPLAN 34A attacks along the Gulf of Tonkin coastline were operations planned and approved in Washington, D.C., and McNamara lied about South Vietnamese operations to maintain the secret status of U.S. operations, during which the North Vietnamese PT boats were responding to recoilless rifle fire from a small boat when American intelligence informed the Maddox that it was about to be attacked. Radio intercepts of North Vietnamese naval messages on August 4, 1964, were used to convince LBJ and Senators that an attack had occurred when two American destroyers were picking up radar ghosts and sonar readings off the reflection of a hard-turned rudder, as shown by subsequent tests. Edwin E. Moise's book, TONKIN GULF AND THE ESCALATION OF THE VIETNAM WAR has much more information about that secret circus stunt. Jeffrey Kimball's recent book, THE VIETNAM WAR FILES: UNCOVERING THE SECRET HISTORY OF NIXON-ERA STRATEGY, contains a reference to the author of this book in a Memorandum by Dwight Chapin to Haldeman, January 18, 1973, about a month after heavy bombing near or in Hanoi to get some ceasefire agreement signed, hoping it could be called `The Peace Announcement' (p. 288) and attempting to describe a point of view different from what intellectuals were expecting. "The FitzGeralds and the Fondas, the Halberstams and Harrimans, the Clarks and Ellsbergs and Baezes are poised in the wings just waiting to treat the end of the war as their victory and to so opine from coast to coast." (Kimball, p. 291). I have the First Vintage Books Edition, August 1973, which was after Dwight Chapin's Memorandum, but I am not sure if American bombing in Cambodia had ended when the actual paper in this book was printed on. There are only six lines of listings in the index for Cambodia, mostly on general issues, but the week I spent there was hardly earth-shaking. Of more interest to me was the report in FIRE IN THE LAKE about the An Lao valley, where the battalion 1/12th Infantry from the 4th Infantry Division spent the months from September, 1969 to January, 1970. I believe this was our first free fire zone, with a base high above a village that had been destroyed, surrounded by paddies in which elephant grass was growing instead of rice, but enemy soldiers were found harvesting highland rice on the hillsides. Enemy contact was the only kind we had, after all other possibilities had been eliminated in the manner described in this book. "In Operation Masher/White Wing alone--a multi-regimental sweep through the north of Binh Dinh province--the Allied forces, by the estimates, destroyed an entire enemy division. In the process they left hundreds of civilians dead and wounded and `generated' so many refugees as almost to depopulate the fertile An Loa valley." (p. 405). "While the American troops opened roads and `cleared' great stretches of territory, the Front guerrillas came back into every area except those heavily garrisoned by U.S. troops. By the end of 1966 the NLF continued to govern the An Lao valley as well as the suburbs of Da Nang, Hue, Nha Trang, and Saigon." (p. 406). There is only one line in the index for Frantz Fanon, but anyone who is interested in how FitzGerald saw a link between revolution against colonial powers in African and Arab countries and the situation in Nam, "including the belief in Fate and the symbolic killing of self, which he called `the behavior patterns of avoidance. . . . the sudden crime waves that spread through the cities, the tribal warfare, and the fierce, irrational feuding of the native sects. As he explained them, . . ." (p.509). You wouldn't want to believe how true the stuff in this book could be today 
I'm not the expert fencer I long to be (yet), but I do have an ever-growing collection of swords, mostly gifts from grateful Spanish patrons, but I've also been able to purchase and acquire blades from several countries. The pride of my collection is a fairly well-preserved Roman sword from the reign of Trajan. Burton was, as we all know, something of a dabbler. In this book, he offers us not only straight history of the sword, but also countless fascinating bits of sword lore. I quite frankly can't imagine any sword lover being without this book. I am looking for a first edition, but for now, this reprint is a valued part of my library 
Dale Carnegie is one of the authors I have admired for so long. There are numerous reasons why this book is a classic one. He deeply believes that in every person there is good and you can approach it. Of course, there are many negative people who don't like this book because they see everything in black and white. Carnegie on the other side advocates a really delicate, positive and humane approach to everyone around you. It comes very close to "treat the others as you want them to treat you". I am sure that if everyone read and apply the principles in this wonderful book, the world will be a better place. I am sure that you will be pleased as well with his talent to really understand what drives people. Some of the key and basic motivators he discussed are sex and being important. His viewpoint is very close to the one of the bestselling author of scientfically guaranteed male multiple orgasms and ultimate sex. After all genius things are usually simple. Carnegie explores the human nature and common hot buttons together with the reader and gives you tools to manage and push them at your will with the help of numerous examples. I liked that the book is practical, easy and fun to read, and most of all that it delivers great value. I can not say the same for many other books. Definitely get a copy especially if you are a "good" person and prefer to treat people with respect and dignity 
This book is poorly written. Although it is one of the most update-to-date versions out ther, it seems muddled and repetitive. I was surprised at the number of grammatical mistakes and errors. Clearly little time was spent editing this book. I'm not sure how it got to be a New York Times Bestseller, outside of the fact that it is related to Harry Potter. I'd advise going with a different biography 
If you want to get an excellent idea about the history of the domestic interior, this is the book for you. Every type of dwelling is to be found, with exquisite detail. From the very simple, to the palatial, one finds great delight in these wonderful watercolors. Culled from the domestic interiors of Europe, the Continent, Russia and America, these historic records give the reader an extrodinary glimpse into the past. It is an accurate record of the most minute details, from the floors to the paintings on the walls. Scholarly enough for students of Interior Design? Yes; but why should they have all the fun 
This is book was on the New York Best Seller's list because it's about New York, not because it's well written or even interesting. You run across a few gems throughout the book, but you have to be patient to get to them. I hate to buy, start and not finish a book... it seems like such as waste. I'd gladly skip the book if I had to do it over again. 
Michael Hauge is not only a master at helping you elicit emotion from your story, he now also shows you how to do it in 60 seconds and generate nothing but excitement for your project 
This is a well written but ultimately sophomoric disquisition on the concept that if you don't have faith in the supernatural, you have no reason for hope. According to this book, the rational world is such an unpleasant place that, if you are not religious as Schaeffer defines religious, "[t]he only way of escape lies in a nonrational fantasy world of experience, drugs, absurdity, pornography, an elusive "final experience," madness... ." Piffle! Throughout history, a great many people found life to be good without resorting to either madness or Schaeffer's brand of religion. And indeed, religion and rationality need not be foes, as frequently demonstrated by scientists and science writers, such as Isaac Asimov and Stephen Jay Gould. Reduces our choices to "religion or madness" is just silly. Schaeffer in this book champions not religion or spirituality, but authoritarianism with a clerical face. His fans won't like that characterization, but my job as a reviewer is to tell you what's in the book; if you seek comfort in authoritarian religion, this book's skillful wordcraft makes it is a good place to start 
This is yet another book where anyone who passed a high school bio class will know is crap. [...] he seems to have found a devoted crew of morons who believe that he really can cure all. If you ever go to one of their conventions, you'll know that its AMWAY for stupid soccer moms with allergic kids. 
I realize that this is the only book currently on the market for the 993, aside from spending a small fortune on the actual shop manuals (on CD's), but after receiving the book and spending several nights giving it a good read, I have come to the conclusion that someone will be hard pressed to put together anything so accurate and complete. This is a must for any 993 owner! 
The first twenty pages of the book quickly sparks your interest but soon after that, the story drags until it picks back up again toward the last third of the book. I think the story would have been more credible if Barr would have thoroughly explored the inner workings of her fictional religious sect and offered more details about it. Without those details, the book seemed "unfinished". It was like watching a movie and only viewing the actions of the good guy without being exposed to villain. Boring in my opinion. 
Very good, easy, light funny read! Although his best, by far, in my opinion was "Running with Scissors". This was an enjoyable read would recommend reading his work if you like David Sedaris, both have a similiar style 
Mr. Galbraith is smart, accomplished, and learned man who knows what is best for all us. His view of a good society differs from past visions of societal utopia. Rather than a completely coercive state directing the actions of its citizens to some hirer calling, Mr. Galbraith aims to be `practical' and just further defines the third way. Nonetheless, his proposal of what makes a good society is not the classical liberal view and it is more attuned to the European model of society. Many of his proposals are so silly you won't take them seriously. But sadly, he is quite serious. For example, Mr. Galbraith states that in a good society everyone should have a rewarding life. Of course, he never defines the standard by which society should judge whether or not a life is rewarding. Neither does he address what one should do if their life is un-rewarding and what the obligation is of society to fulfill that vision of a rewarding life. And, of course, who is the `rewarding life judge' and does this judge have the authority of the state to take something from someone (who has a life that is deemed too rewarding) for someone who has life that is too un-rewarding. Mr. Galbraith fails to convince the reader of the practicality of his proposals and ends up straddling a line between socialism and capitalism, and saying nothing new 
The back cover to this book was intriguing, and captured me immediately. The writing, however, was so plodding, so inconsistent, and so non-sequential that it was painful to get through to the end. This is aside from the fact that this man appears to be socially inept and unable to manage his affairs from day to day. I can't believe that this book made it past the editors. In one paragraph Jon Katz tells how Rose is the only dog for the job of helping him capture his runaway herd of sheet, and in the next he says that Rose is too young to herd sheep. In one paragraph he can't live without his wife, she gives his very existence meaning, and throughout the book he describes how he lives apart from her in order to...what was it again? Oh, right, herd sheep! At one point the dog he loves the most is also the one he can't connect to and finally gives away. And then can't stop visiting, even though everyone knows how confusing that would be to a dog. And why is he wondering why the world looks at grown men funny when they hang around too much with teenage boys - there's a reason, Jon! If you care at all about literarure, stay away from this book 
This is not the book for you if you're impatient with precision and specifics; if you want good results, you'll do what Michael Recchiuti tells you to do. You'll buy the higher-butterfat butter, you'll use the Scharffen-Berger or Valrhona and chuck the Hershey's, and you'll be so glad you did, because every recipe --and I mean every single one of the seven or eight recipes I have tried from this book thus far-- has been fantastic. I would not call this a good beginner's cookbook, though the photography is gorgeous enough to qualify this as a coffee table book even for those who don't want to get in the kitchen. Some baking experience is helpful, as is a well-equipped kitchen (stand-mixer, immersion blender, heavy-bottomed pots for sauces etc). This is an outstanding book and I highly recommend it. 
Wow - I had to have this book. They are right, he explains everything wrong with Oracle and all about vulnerabilities and exploits. 
In Faith in Nation, Anthony Marx delivers a spirited rebuttal of the "literary trope" (p 15) about a liberal, inclusive Western nationalism. Instead, he argues that even the "truest" brand of Western nationalism-that of England and France-came to being only after brutal fratricide of massive scale. His entire theory is based on a central position that nationalism developed much earlier than is popularly believed today. This leads one to question why does he insist on such a position? Has he made the case for it? What happens to his theory if the position turns out to be wrong? I will argue that the definition of the state, or the lack thereof, is key to answering all of the above questions. Only by implicitly loosening the definition of the state, can Marx trace the genesis of Western nationalism back to as early as the 16th century, thus cementing the linkage between Western nationalism and religious violence. However, the liberal adaptation of the concept of the state puts Marx's entire theory on shaky ground. According to Marx, the state is the raison d'tat of nationalism: for nationalism to become a historical force, it "must ... refer to a state as an existing structure or potential object of engagement" (p 8). Although he declares early and clearly what nationalism is (p 4), he never spells out his definition of a state. In fact, what we would think of as a modern state today can hardly be found in 16th century Europe. Only when the definition of a state is sufficiently loosened, can Marx backdate nationalism to the 16th century, when most of the political authorities at the time existed in the form of royal courts. Only after he pushes back the genesis of nationalism, can Marx connect the religious violence of the 16th century to nationalism. Only when the religious violence is viewed as part of the history of nation building, does it acquire significance in the nature of Western nationalism. Otherwise, the St. Barthelme Day massacre or the burnings at Smithfield is just another "normal" religious upheavals in history, thus any association the massacre or the burnings may have with nation building would be purely coincidental-as Liah Greenfeld implied when Marx quoted her in saying, "Frenchness was disassociating itself from Catholicism." To Anthony Marx, however, French nationalism and its French Catholic identity are not external to each other. They are just different stages in the same dialectic process. Therefore, real "Frenchness" is actually the public oblivion in France of the strange relationship between the church and the state1. Yet all the grand reasoning depends on Marx's definition of the state. After all, can we call the royal courts of the 16th century "states"? Not only has Marx not given his readers a clear answer, some of his own writings seem to contradict each other. For example, Marx mentions that the Treaty of Westphalia marks the beginning of the modern states (p 35). But the French War of Religions and the reign of Mary Tudor-the very conflicts that are supposedly at the core of nation-state building-occurred almost a century earlier. Even if we use the later date, 1648, as the beginning of the state system, one still has to be cautious to label all subsequent political authorities "states". Regardless whether Louis XIV actually said "I am the state", the fact that monarchical authority is directly associated with an individual ruler makes it transient in nature (relative to institutionalized modern government), therefore it can hardly be designated the "object of engagement" for nationalist ideology. Since Marx's concept of the state is on shaky ground, his entire theory appears highly questionable. I would argue, however, there are two options that can salvage his arguments. One is to weaken the link between nationalism and the state. In other words, nationalism may develop independent of the state. This observation may have a wider application outside of the context of Western history than inside of it. The other option is to introduce a third element, such as political culture, that can bridge the violent past and state and nation building in later times. For example, one accepts that the massive fratricide did happen earlier than the emergence of the nation-state. Nevertheless, the bloodshed molded a new political culture, which manifested itself as a more inclusive nationalism when the nation-state took shape later. If such an interpretation proves to be a more sensible reading of history than that of Marx, then Marx's criticism of Western nationalism can be easily appropriated to deconstruct the Western political culture-the liberal democracy-itself: that it has a ugly past but short memory. However, is the world ready for such a "total recall"? 
This is the sixth book in the Left Behind series. It is also the first one in the series I did not finish in one sitting. It did not flow as well as the others, so as to lend itself to a complete reading in one evening. The book also spends a lot of time re-telling what we read in previous books. I felt this time like I read half a novel. The book starts in the thirty-eighth month into the tribulation. But most of the characters seem a little too self serving in this book. Allowing their own desires to guide their actions. Whether that desire be derived from rage, revenge, self pity, or even guilt. Rayford spends most of his time focusing on Hattie or his desire to kill the Anti-Christ. Though I do like the description of the handgun that Rayford procures. And when the time comes for the assassination, there are a few characters to chose from. The book ends in an old time cliff hanger where you are left guessing who it is that assassinated the Anti-Christ. Stay tuned for the next volume. I have read this far, so I will finish the series. Though most people my find this book suspensful, I did not 
I don't understand why anyone would publish a book anymore with black and white illustrations. I know this is supposed to be a classic and all that so it's my own fault for not checking when I read the description. I don't even know why I'm keeping it; I'll never read it. You have to wade through tons of technical jargon and lengthy chapters that would be much better served by some large color photographs. Maybe that makes me shallow, I don't know, but there are much more 'complete guides' out there on this topic these days 
I saw this book at a friend's shortly after seeing the movie. I asked her if I could borrow it. She said I wouldn't want to. She'd been trying to read it for awhile, and didn't like it. I decided to try anyway. Unfortunately, my friend was right. This is a definite case of a movie being much better than a book. I really liked the movie. However, the book is too long and boring. There are so many tangents in it that have nothing to do with the central story. I can't believe I even finished it. Rent the movie-don't waste your time on the book 
Don't sell it to one country on microfilm for a lot of money, sell it to everybody in hard cover for ~$20.00 a pop. Somebody is going to have to explain to me the difference between what Risen has done here, and what the Walkers were imprisoned for. Imagine a WWII era reporter, during the war, giving away that the Allies had broken the Kreigsmarine Enigma code in order to challenge how much money was spent doing it; or how we used false signals to test Japanese intentions in the run-up to Midway just to question whether we correctly evaluated the information; or disclosed the exact D-day landing beaches in a vain attempt to substitute their own "expert" opinion. James Risen's product is the same thing, only with a snarkier Monday-morning-quarterback vibe. And when hindsight is your only insight, you know you're in trouble. It's easy to figure out who had it right on intelligence issues a few years down the line, even easier to find the "I-told-you-so heroes" eager to tell their tales of cassandrian victimization. And that's really all State of War does. It collects a pile of disconnected (often single-sourced and anonymous) anecdotes, and fleshes them out. The more interesting the story, the more questionably it's sourced, and the fuller its fleshed. In the end, it's a bloated yet vacuous work that discloses sensitive specifics in order to illustrate a few widely known and obvious generalities, those being: Intelligence gathering isn't perfect. Mistakes are often made. Present laws do not keep up with technology. (Just in case you didn't know that already) If you're hoping for an across the board Bush slam, think twice. There's info on botched Clinton-era operations as well (one of which transferred nuclear weapons technology to one of our favorite Mid-East regimes), but again, why? What's worse, the specifics in the book have given terrorists valuable intelligence without giving anyone else anything usable (Unless cocktail party whining is a "use"). In the wake of this book and the politically-motivated NY Times story, the bad guys have already started altering how they do their communications. Great news for American civilians and military members alike. This book might have a place 10-20 years down the line. But as it stands, during an active shooting war, a valuable, effective, and completely legal intelligence gathering tool (a tool Clinton used with "0" congressional oversight) is revealed and disabled so that James Risen can buy a boat. Another triumph of American journalism! 
The story of Anne continues with this work and the author stays true to her style, story line and character developement. This, like the other books in this series, have a rather timeless nature about them and a comforting charm. The reader, of course, must remember the time they were written and the style and syntax used at that time. From my own point of view, this is great. I enjoy this type of writing and certainly enjoy Ms. Montgomery's story telling abilities. In this work, Anne goes off to Redman College and her adventure continues. Recommend these books for readers of all ages. Wish there were more works out there like it. 
Gail's writing is again wonderful in this in book, but I found the book disappointing due to a lack of closure. I felt the book led you up to a particular point in the life of the character's and then left you wondering in the end what the message was meant to be. I almost felt as if the writer wasn't brave enough enough to tell you the ending to a tragic, yet hopeful story. I can only compare this book to the Samurai's Garden since I haven't read a third book by this author yet, and I loved the Samari's Garden! So I was surprised that this book lacked closure at the end. I am not sorry that I read this book due to the fact that I enjoy the author's style of writing 
This is a childrens book and it is supposed to teach a positive message. It should have been tiltled the "jewish Mother " tree or something. So the message was Use me and use me and use me some more and after I'm all used up, use me some more and I will be happy. Thats something we want to convey to children 
Since God is Infinite Goodness, we must conclude that the appearance of reckless divine cruelty is a delusion. When we are comfortable, we are too shallow-minded to realize that we need God. Since God knows that He is the only thing that we really need, He inflicts pain upon us to wake us up to this fact. So pain is God's megaphone. If some people, such as the Jews, try to love God without going through Christ, it is not yet God - merely the best approximation their fantasy can attain. Hence poor God is forced to keep screeching at them through His megaphone. But even people who try their hardest to love the true God, such as Job, or C. S. Lewis for that matter, cannot adore God as much as He wants to be adored, so He uses pain over and over again to "plant the flag of truth within their rebellious souls." Where does this notion of an Infinitely Good God come from? Given mankind's painful existence, "an inference from the course of events in this world to the Goodness and Wisdom of the Creator would be preposterous." God had to reveal Himself to mankind by Revelation; thus it is in the likes of Abraham and Moses, who identified God as righteous, that all peoples are blessed. Lewis informs us that God expostulated with His own creatures on the basis of their own ethical conceptions - "What iniquity have your fathers found in me, that they are gone far from me?" One has to wonder if Lewis has ever actually read the Bible. Can anyone really deny that if a leader of today did exactly the sorts of things that Abraham and Moses did that they would be decried by all of sane mankind as monsters? I have never understood why, or how, I am supposed to pretend that this is not true. Of course, God is wiser than me, so if I could only see it from God's viewpoint, I would see that the butchery of whole populations, including babies and animals, was actually an act of love. In MERE CHRISTIANITY Lewis condemns this line of reasoning in eastern religions as "damn nonsense." Undoubtedly, we get the impression of a just and loving God through the teachings of Christ, but the conviction that God is Infinite Goodness, Omniscience, and Omnipotence did not come from biblical revelation; it was developed by medieval Christian philosophers by reasoning through extrapolation -- a process that Lewis, rather inexplicably, deems impossible. Lewis's insistence that people have free will needs to be examined. Even as he describes it, since we are born in sin, we cannot use free will to avoid sin, and most people are blind to their sin. Hence, it logically follows that there can be no free will without the ability of self-perception. The evidence suggests that incessant pain, especially when inflicted upon children, destroys this ability. Abused children typically grow up to be abusers. In my own case, I adamantly insist it was the drug, marijuana, which first gave me introspective ability, at the age of 23. Prior to that moment, God knows that I had no free will. Free will is not a realized trait that we are born with, but a potential ability that requires a great deal of effort to develop. In most people it remains largely dormant. Since free will is dependent on self-knowledge, the role of religion needs to be the development of introspective ability. Dogmatic adherence can only hinder this. Lewis is at least honest enough to acknowledge evolution. Unfortunately, it is hardly possible to reconcile the notion of evolution of man from animals with his fairy-tale notion that animals only exist by destroying each other because they were corrupted by Satan before man's appearance on Earth. Somehow, the perfectly good "Paradisal Man" descended from animals already corrupted by Satan. Lewis can be abominably silly sometimes. Lewis is given to disjunctive, either/or, logic. Either the common human experience of supernatural awe is a mere twist in the mind with no biological purpose, or it is direct experience of the supernatural - a Revelation. I would once have scoffed at this, but a Numinous vision of Christ was the major turning point of my life. The problem is that this Revelation was not at all consistent with Mere Christianity. According to Lewis, the purpose of pain is to break our will, since it is our tarnished wills that keep us from God. I had only recently come to realize that I had not had free will until my sense of self was awakened by an illegal drug. I experienced Christ in the very moment that I was cursing Christ for demanding that I beg forgiveness for that which He was responsible. Albeit, at the time I was an atheist, and was only cursing at what I had been taught about Christ. I experienced Christ as the core of my being, not as an entity completely separate from myself, and as an awakening of will, not a surrender. Lewis assures me that the feeling of being one with God, rather than a creature of God, is Satan's ultimate deception. But I have also experienced Satan within myself. If Christ were not the core of my being, I would never have survived Satan. I know the difference. I do not acknowledge that Christianity has the authority tell me what my experience of God must be. I am a scientist by training, not given to superstitious credulity, however much like it what I have written above must sound. In my attempt to make sense of my experience of Christ and Satan battling within my mind, I have come up with the following myth: It is, at least, not completely unreasonable to assume that consciousness is an inherent quality of existence. This consciousness would first be in a primordial state, probably in some way responsible for evolution, though not by anything like intelligent design by direct control. There could be no distinction between good and evil; in fact the terms could have no meaning, until consciousness evolved to a complexity capable of self-awareness. As self-awareness developed, so did awareness of pain and terror, and a rebellion against achieving a level of awareness capable of experiencing pain. The human mind, as the vessel of consciousness experiences these antagonistic trends and, for whatever reason, tends to personify them as God and Satan, or their various cultural equivalents. What makes the Christian God so detestable is His complete refusal to accept responsibility for anything. Satan can therefore be described as "God's self-ignorance." Buddhists are apparently able to put themselves into the conscious state of inanimate matter, hence there insistence that good and evil are identical. C. S. Lewis tells us that "it is not God's purpose that we should go back into that old identity." I think I agree with him on this point. Mankind's goal must be to attain free will be becoming conscious of what we really are. (Peter Payne, author of CAPTAIN CALIFORNIA: A YOUNG MAN'S ENCOUNTER WITH THE EVIL WITHIN HIMSELF) 
I'm surprised that someone so seemingly intelligent does not know that stories and specific examples are what make a book interesting. This book was totally devoid of them, but instead used vague generalizations from beginning to end. I read the whole book and was waiting for it to get good. It never did. Don't waste your time or your money. Any positive review must have been written by the author's friends. I would rather eat cardboard that read this book again. 
I am a manager for a Federal Govt Agency. I found this book informational and easy to understand. Immigration law is a complex subject. The book is easy to read and addresses many important aspects related to this subject. The sections related to inadmissability, removal are well written and easy to understand. The chapters related to the history of various classes of immigrants was intersting as well. I would recommend the book for persons who want to expand their knowledge of this topic 
I am an experienced Java programmer. This book together with the NetBeans IDE allowed me to come up with a J2ME application in less than a week. The examples in the book is a great resource for learning to write J2ME applications. I learn best when I'm coding. In my case, I used the source from the PeekAndPick RSS Reader to come up with my J2ME text reader. The program has been heavily modified since, but the book provided sample code that was a great starting point for my learning. 
Anyone that knows anything about Milken knows that the guy created millions of jobs, and contributed much more to society than people like James Stewart, who often act like parasites at the expense of others. And what about Milken's life after this whole affair? I wonder what Stewart will write about in the sequel, since Milken has taken on a life of philanthropy basically unrivaled, and certainly contributes more to this country than most. Milken's creation of a liquid market for junk bonds allowed credit risk to be redistributed throughout the capital markets, effectively creating more capital, more jobs, and more wealth creation. Anyone up and coming in IB, or looking to inform themselves of the 80's capital movement, please at least check out some other perspectives on the era. Note: These comments don't apply to Boesky or the arbs who were doing nothing but breaking the law. I would argue a strong distinction between Milken and most of the other characters in this book 
Got this book for my oldest daughter about a week ago and she reports the binding is very bad. Pages are falling out 
This book has changed my life. It is amazing how much I learned about myself. Now I understand my wife and other people, and I don't judge them anymore. My relations to others is now easear and less stressfull. Thanks 
I have been a huge fan of Dean Koontz for years, ever since my mom got me to read Watchers. But this story is just way too slow. Just when I thought it was going to grab my attention and start off for the rollar coaster ride....it would slow way down again. I almost put it down halfway through the book, but I kept pushing along thinking that it would get better just around the corner. About 2/3rds of the way through it got a little bit more entertaining....but I just felt like something was missing most of the time I was reading. I just couldn't get into the characters. I wouldn't recommend this book to any first time Dean Koontz reader because it would most likely turn you off....don't judge his work by this novel. 
I "religiously" read all of Baldacci's books - he can't write them fast enough for me; and this is one of his best! I'd give it 10 stars if I could 
I enjoy the Hillerman Navajo mysteries because the characters are well developed. Not so in this book. I found the first half really boring and hard to get through. The characters were not people you could care about, an important issue for me 
Fascinating exploration into the physics of cooking, written in an engaging and detailed style. Probably better for the scientist who cooks than for the cook who's into science, since the language is sometimes a little dense for the layperson. Worth working through, though, if only for the gorgeous and elegant formula for figuring out how long to boil your eggs to get them EXACTLY right. One caveat: the author is British, and recipes, measurements, and terms are geared for the British/European cook. This means you'll find a complete explanation of sausage rolls and nothing about popcorn. Just FYI 
This book had a good message, and could have had a lasting impact on me. But the plot was obscenely dull, and the middle of the book (Gene and Finny relationship) does not seem to fit in with the rest of the book. Not recommended 
I love Linda Howard books. I always look forward to her releases and this book was a gross disappointment to say the least. I think the characters are not developed well, and the relationship between Cal and Cate occurred too fast. The story was rushed and I'm sure Linda could have done much better writing on this book. 
Reading WAR AND PEACE is an immense undertaking, which has less to do with page numbers and more to do with addressing some very fundamental questions about what it means to be human. The first time that I read it, I read it as a novel, for entertainment. Years later, I picked it up again but this time my task was more ambitious. I sought to know how Tolstoy could justify the ways of God to man. During this second reading, I was able to examine the Russian names, characters, events, and historical occurrences which occupied me the first time through. What I saw was that each of the hundreds of individuals was very much linked to the concluding Epilog, which I scanted then but studied now. Most readers of WAR AND PEACE find this part heavy going, which it certainly is, but in it, Tolstoy creates a key for unlocking the reasons who we are and why we do things the way we do. In essence, each human being is like an atom of gas floating in space, with one atom colliding at random with another, but when a sufficient number act in concert, such as Napoleon's invasion of Russia, their force is irresistable. When Tolstoy introduces world leaders like Napoleon or the Tsar, he does so in such a way as to depict them as no more than one more free floating atom, who can not see the Big Picture any more clearly than anyone else can. The tragic decisions of these misguided leaders are based on a collective illusion that they and they alone can use divinely inspired reason to affect lasting change. But when human beings act as if they acknowledge that their powers of reason are both limited and self-deluding--as when General Kutuzov relies on looking inward toward instinct rather than outward toward other circling and equally misguided atoms, then they are drawing closer to a universal "one" with nature. This "one" Tolstoy invests with religious overtones as synonymous with God. Tolstoy does not say that human beings are preprogrammed robots held in thrall by that "one" or any other deity, but he does say that history, time, and man are all part of a universal flow that swoops along all in its path, and that if any intelligent atom wishes to know which way the flow is likely to go, then he might wish to emulate General Kutuzov, who at least knows that humbleness in the face of chaos is the first step in finding a rational basis for who we are and where we are going. 
to me .this book was definately NOT one of the best in the series.I admire the Kristina,but this book was slow and dull.It was practiacally all about the politics of sweden.very dull 
A friend recommended this book which I unfortunately bought. I feel sorry for people who think that this is "writing." The author not only contradicts herself but the writing is shallow and lacks any depth. If you want to feel good, buy yourself a bottle of wine, not this book 
This guy's box is missing a few tools.Most of the stuff he quotes as fact is not supported in real life. He's full of crap. Everybody knows walking is good for you, but kevin T. starts his chapter on walking by saying that 'when you take your dog for a walk, he (or she) poops............well la-de-f_____ing-da....isn't that WHY you take your dog for a walk....because you don't want him (or her) to poop in the house. Then there's his statement that if you put your teflon pan on high heat and have a parakeet on your shoulder, the bird will keel over dead because of the poisonous gasses.......and another thing, who ever heard of an acidic body??? I think I know what planet Trudeau came from....URANU 
Wow..What lies. I NEVER hear any kind of news channel favor the left...NEVER. The media, especially FOX News, has a right wing bias..its 100% FACT, proven beyond any reasonable doubt. The republican right wing NUT JOB Wackos INVENTED the concept of a liberal bias in the media for political advantage, and its simply not true. Republicans are the worst thing that could ever happen to this country, all they know how to do is lie, cheat, steal, and profit off of the suffering of others. Oh yeah, and these religious wing nuts are delusional bigots who think some guy waved a magic wand and invented the universe. Give me a break. This book is 100% lies. I actually burned the book after I read it...(Notice the lack of credible sources). Good job republicans...Continue to make up news...the people are catching on! 
I found the book very difficult to use and almost never had what I was looking for. The small dictionary in the back of my eyewitness travel guide was much more useful 
Dark Nature cuts to the very core of the will to survive. Mr. Watson takes you on an easy to read journey "up" the food chain to the homo sapiens: who is neither man nor kind. For me, Dark Nature removed judgment from the word "evil", giving a deeper, behind the scene look at what drives life. A must read. This copy was purchased a gift. In my judgment to continue to grow I needed to understand this piece of myself and the world around me 
I approached this title with all the expectations fostered by many friends endless promotions. I did my best to like it, to find some secret meaning, some redeeming quality within, to no avail. Actually finishing the book was an accomplishment, in my opinion. Ultimately I found the book aimless, soulless, and the promoter of everything negative about the human species. I know this sounds harsh, but time after time I felt let down by On the Road. No, I don't "dig" it, Dean 
When I started reading this book, I was hopeful that it would be an insightful commentary on the ridiculous nature of politically-correct word choice. Unfortunately, I did not find it to be particularly clever or funny. On some level, it seems like the PC craze has subsided since the mid-90's when the book was written, and it just doesn't read as the brilliant critique that I expected. We've now heard so many silly descriptions followed by the suffix "challenged" that it just isn't funny anymore. I suppose that this book worked much better when it was written, but it hasn't aged well over the ten years since 
We see a phrase a lot when we visit how-to sites for writers. World building. By this, we mean the setting, the characters, and everything else where our story will occur. For me, this often means maps, memories and visits, since I write about where I live. But if you'd like to see exactly what "world building" means, head down to your local library and grab SALEM'S LOT by Stephen King. Yeah, that's right, I'm reviewing a book by Stephen King. As if his career really needs my help. (I bought my copy at Foreign Language Bookstore on Yanan Lu in Hangzhou, with a new introduction that is a pleasure to read, but I mentioned the library to save you some money.) When Stephen King mania first gripped the English-speaking world, I missed it. I saw the film of CARRIE and hated it. Years later, at a guard desk on a long shift, scheduled so suddenly that I hadn't had a chance to visit the library, I read what was in the desk instead. THINNER. If I were Stephen King, I'd have put a pen name on that crap as well. One of King's fans brought me around. She recommended THE SHINING. Of course I thought of that Kubrick/Nicholson travesty. No no, she said, read the book. It's much different. Yes, it is. It's fantastic for its perceptiveness. Next up, PET SEMATARY, which scared the crap out of me. And that, my friends, is not easy. ON WRITING. I've gushed about that enough times. The films STAND BY ME and THE APT PUPIL. So, in the end, I appreciate King and forgive him for CARRIE, and I think he's forgiven himself. We won't talk about the Richard Bachman alias, although the film of THE RUNNING MAN was fun in a stupid sort of way. SALEM'S LOT. King's second book, and perhaps it should have been his first. I've been in China since 1999. If I ever want to visit a town in the US, I don't need a plane ticket. I can just real SALEM'S LOT. Consider it a clinic on world building. These are the places and the people I left behind, right there, recorded by a master. Well, except for the vampire. I don't recall seeing him in Watha. Maybe he moved into my old house. Actually, that's Stephen King right there. He creates an entirely real world, then throws in something unusual because it makes the story move and because he just thinks it's cool. A vampire here, a rabid dog there, a mind reader over there, a UFO crashing into Hickville... Nobody has defended Stephen King by mentioning that William Shakespeare trucked heavily with ghosts and witches and prophesies in his stories, so I'll limit myself to a single sentence. I believe that, just as I studied Mary Shelley's FRANKENSTEIN in a Literature class, one day students will study Stephen King. Just nothing about cars that come to life, because those stories really suck. I will accuse Stephen King of being uneven, and he explains why in ON WRITING. But at his best, I recommend him highly. Oh, and here's a weird bit of trivia. I recognized the scene on page 50. Nothing before it, nothing after it, just that one bit. So I at least began reading this book. Probably at a guard desk. Tampa, Florida, has excellent libraries. At my guard desk, when I wasn't writing, I was getting drunk on literature, and I can't possibly remember it all. But I think SALEM'S LOT by Stephen King plus THE THANATOS SYNDROME by Walker Percy spurred me to write THE DEMONS WITHIN, which I later threw out but which gave DESCENT INTO MADNESS its back story. (For Madman trivia buffs: Terrence and Sandra Howell once had their own novel. It really sucked. Terrence had his own novel 15 years before that. It also sucked. He's a composite of two classmates, Terrence Cram and Ricky Howell, so I'm glad he finally showed up in some form.) In ON WRITING, Stephen King tells us that he was so drunk and stoned at one point that he can't remember writing some of his books. It seems I was so high on literature at one point that I forgot entire books I read, including SALEM'S LOT. So, I guess that getting old does have its advantages. 
I was there, as were several of my fellow Sitka Fire Department EMT's and State Troopers from the Sitka Academy. The 6 of us, along with two parajumpers from the Canadian Armed Services were flown through the typhoon winds, on a helicopter, out to the Williamsburgh where we spent the next 33 hours attending to the rescued passengers - literally giving them the clothes off our backs and keeping them calmed. We knew there was a doctor onboard, from Anchorage, but we literally never met or saw him - I'm sure he did good work in the little clinic he had set up - but that is where he stayed. The real story was out in the rest of the ship that weekend. But I was disappointed to see that Mr. Jeffers failed to fully research this book - the role the Sitka rescue teams played (both on the Williamsburgh and trying to assess/fight the fire on the Prinsendam) was totally overlooked - despite the fact that there is a lot of documentation available that tells our story - which was the human side had some quite amusing moments in the face of this event. I was so looking forward to this book and then to find out he left a large part of the story out, was very sad. At least we all have our commendations from both the Coast Guard commendant and the Canadian armed services - they knew we were there! Too bad Mr. Jeffers didn't due diligence. 
My name is Big Samad Sefiane, I have been writing screenplays and making music since the age of 13. The only problem with that book which came out in feb. 2004 is very much a like my screenplay I have written and copyrighted before he released his book. I wouldn't rate a book, singer or songwriter who takes other peoples ideas and mixes it with his work. The book is too much similar to my screenplay Entitled HACKERS. After sept. 11, 2000 mail slowed down and it took me a year to copyright my screenplay. The screenplay as visible on the internet and also sent to strattford career institute for editing. The similar scripts will be reviewed by an entertainment attorney 
Sheppard's attempt to capture the "American youth angst" failed miserably. Instead what he created was a novel that felt more like a chore to get through. I never developed any connection or understanding of the characters. Each chapter seemed to stumble into the next, with the end as predictable as the next expletive Sheppard was going to use to give his protagonists a hard edge. You'd do better saving your money, driving to the nearest mall, and find the kid in the Anarchy T-shirt looking sullen, because it appears that is all Sheppard did in this work. Phew Stinker-rooney! 
The story was slow, predictable and boring. I am still amazed I hung in there and finished reading it. It's a dud in my opinion 
I borrowed this book on CD from the library and half way through, ordered the book so I would have it to refer to. Excellent book, highly recommended. Helps to put a realistic perspective on millionaires 
I call this one "Frank Peretti Lite." It was very entertaining but not a deep as his previous books. Instead of focusing on sin and spiritual warfare, this one had a creationist angle. I really enjoyed it, just not the same as his other books. Also, you have to remember that this is fiction. Of course the scenario is highly unlikely if not impossible. But the central point about mutations comes through. Great summer read 
Hunt this book down. Read "The Bet" (pp. 131-134). Put this book down. Leave the store satisified knowing that you have read the only humorous story in this collection. Sure you could read some other stories in the book, but they're so terribly unfunny that you will invariably come to hate yourself and everyone around you for being in a store that carries this dreadful book. The only way these stories could possibly be funny is if they were somehow adapted for a series of SNL skits, in which McSweeney's unfunniness were somehow reversed by the lens of SNL's unfunniness. Come to think of it, this book is just as awful as SNL, except that you can't change the channel. You're just stuck there on the subway wishing you'd picked up that AM Metro, desperately trying the read the Wall Street Journal (or even the Daily News) over the shoulder of the person next to you. Anything - just anything - to avoid the tears of boredom that come from reading this garbage. So, If you like late-model SNL and you can read, you may like this. But I doubt it 
I can't go on enough about this book. It should be required reading in colleges and for those in all levels of government, Wall Street and industry CEOs. The writing is excellent. Many of its passages read like prayers. I can't think of topics and subjects more important than those Jensen writes about -- our cultures diconnection from the natural world and from ourselves and how it has impacted our mental and spiritual health and the health of the earth. Jensen is so passionate about these topics that he does repeat certain ideas, BUT instead of ruining it, I think the non-linear trajectory of his book actually enhances his message. The first half of the book where he discusses problems can be hard-hitting and difficult to get through certain parts of it, BUT please hold fast through the end. It is worth it. Jensen's eloquence and wisdom are best when he is also discussing answers, or possibilities, as it were. www.corimorenberg.co 
Beautiful. Kushner attacks many of the world's carnal attitudes and inputs thoughts and principles that help combat them. Though he is not Christian, this book is full of principles that help you avoid being conformed to this world and be transformed by the renewing of your mind 
As a romantic comedy, Star Wars is a failure. As a science fiction film, the Annie Hall is a complete disappointment. Whatever other merits these movies might have, there are definitely areas that they are lacking. Which brings me to The Rough Guide to Cult Movies: as a reference book, it is highly suspect. What's notable is that Annie Hall fails as sci-fi because it doesn't try to be that genre; The Rough Guide fails at the very category it aspires to. Which is too bad, because it is often an interesting read. The failure starts at the beginning of the book with a definition of cult movies that is so broad as to be meaningless. We then a series of chapters representing various "genres", some of which are valid (science fiction, westerns, horror), some of which are ridiculous (Animals, Food, Nuns) and some of which are not even true genres (dubbed, independent, straight-to-video). After this, we get various miscellaneous topics that are thrown in without rhyme or reason, such as a list of top movie grosses followed by presidential movie trivia. The movie descriptions are often amusing, although there are numerous errors (such as misstating Geoffrey Rush's role in Pirates of the Caribbean), even more omissions (every reader will find his own; one example is that Unforgiven is missing from Westerns) and plenty of movies that are really miscategorized but seem only placed in a specific genre to fill it out. What saves this book is, even though it fails as a reference book, it is nonetheless entertaining. I am therefore giving this two stars instead of one. It's a rather useless book, especially if you want to learn more about movies, but if you do pick it up, it is probably the most entertaining two-star book that you're ever likely to read. 
"Spring Snow" is unquestionably one of the finest Japanese novels ever written, as well as being a masterpiece of world literature in its own right. It is an eloquent, moving story with a "tale as old as time," that of star-crossed lovers who's love transcends social roles and obligations. In another culture, with another writer, this would be a romantic, if not happy, story. But this is Japan, and the writer is Mishima Yukio. In his hands, the lovers Kiyoaki and Satoko transcend literary stereotypes, and become agents of their own happiness and destruction. By the very nature of their relationship, raised together since childhood, playing a complicated cat-and-mouse game of love and sexual tension, their future is never in doubt. It is impressive that a writer such as Mishima, known for his right-wing politics and his samurai dreams, could craft such a tender love story. While knowing the eventual conclusion, the reader savors and hopes for each stolen moment of happiness between Kiyoaki and Satoko, and knows that even their despair is something to be treasured because it is shared. Not that it is a clear path. Even knowing Japanese literature, and the road it usually takes, there are surprises on the way. Things do not turn out the way one would expect. I was incredibly moved by "Spring Snow." It is a novel that affects the heart of the reader, and lingers long after the last page is turned. 
Galbraith's insight on society unfortunately gets lost in a maze of double negatives and confusing sentence structure. His ideas are sound, though he has a very off-putting pompous delivery. In fact, his verbosity and poor structure is so bad, that it turns what should be a slim read into a fairly mind-numbing experience. The book really needs to go back to an editor 
I want to make a short comment here: 1) This book is quite confusing. It mixed up the real story with the make up one. 2) Saying that Ramanujun thought Goldbach Conjecture is wrong was a huge mistake. Everyone believe that Goldbach Conjecture is true. And Ramanujun is a real genius. I cannot stand this make up part 
This fourth installment of Becky's trying tribulations is the worst. The qualty has plummeted from passable fun to total embarrassment. I don't understand how Kinsella's editor didn't draw the line (and the red pencil) at the litany of shopping expeditions. And her endless, excrutitating 'inner' reflections. Becky's exploits aren't amusing anymore. Her purchases on her honeymoon aren't wacky. They're bewildering. For a shopaholic with supposedly good taste, Becky buys the ugliest sounding things on her travels and then flogs them all on Ebay once home in England. And oh yes, then she discovers a long lost sister. That situation is about as believable as three designer wedding dresses and two weddings from the previous book. And then Bex and her sister wind up on a rock rescued by Tarquin in his personal helicopter. I am not making this up. It's all there in the book. And none of it is even remotely entertaining. And now God help us, Becky is pregnant. AARRGGGH! 
A moving and inspiring portrait of men most people will never know about but will always be remembered by those touched by their deeds and courage in places we don't remember much anymore. I am thankful for the sacrifice they made so I could freely write this 
This book is so full of misinformation that I shudder to think (since it is in the dummies series), that this may be the only information that many people will read before they embark upon a very serious commitment with a dog. It is poorly researched, full of dogma and nonsense. If you have to read a quick book find one written by an expert - a veterinarian, or anyone with a track record in animals. Instant info can be found on bulletin discussion boards, magazines etc 
I picked up this book hoping to fall asleep reading. Instead I was drawn in by page 3 and stayed up until I'd read most of it. The main character, in my opinion, is Janet, the mother. I think it's more or less in her voice, and that is why she is the most developed character. The book was very funny in an "Oh no!" kind of way. Sure, there are some outrageous stories and some things may seem unlikely to some people. They are lucky, I guess. I, for one, can really relate to the dysfunctional family and to a lot of the characters. But it isn't meant to be a character study or some huge philosophy assignment. It's meant to entertain you while you pass some time reading, and it does that just fine 
Huge disappointment. Trace wasn't that good either. Having read all Scarpetta's previous storiesbut I was hoping Trace would be only bad one. However, the downhill trend seems to continue. These two books are not the usual intelligent plots Cornwell is capable of writing. Save your money, don't buy it. I completely agree with all the reviews posted so far, so I won't go into the plot -or rather lack of a real plot -details 
This bool from the evil russian is useless if you already own " naked warrior " .Good techniques and informations nevertheless 
and I suspect this is what has happened to James Lee Burke. The Dave Robicheaux series has been floundering sadly for several books now - and that is tragic, considering the promise of the early books, which peaked in the hauntingly beautiful In The Electric Mist With Confederate Dead. I grew up in southern Louisiana, and Burke captures a culture that many people have no experience of. But the series is becoming repetitive and stale, culminating in this book, which is just awful. Burke's characters, with the exception of the always funny and touching Cletus Purcell, are wearing thin and becoming less and less sympathetic. Dave Robicheaux becomes more priceless and preachy in each novel. His anti-alcohol tirades would make any Prohibition era preacher proud. Burke has fallen into a trap of using the same imagery and phrasing again and again, and it makes the reader wonder if he isn't cutting and pasting entire paragraphs repeatedly. If I read one more time in a Burke book that Leadbelly strung his twelve stringed guitar in octaves, I will be sick (hey, Mr. Burke? Twelve stringed guitars have always been strung that way, Leadbelly didn't invent that tuning, okay?) If I read the word "phallus" in a sex scene in one of Burke's books one more time, I think I will just give up. The phrases are getting old - really old. The preaching about political corruption and alcohol got old many books ago. One thing to be thankful about in this abysmal wreckage of what was once a great series - Bootsie, Dave Robicheaux's wife, is dead, though that doesn't keep her out of the story. But at least the reader is spared another element that has been repeated to death - the moment in every book with Bootsie in it where she gets up in the night, angry with Dave, and goes to sleep on the couch. I've had bets with other readers as to what page Bootsie will do this inevitable stunt (which then opens up the opportunity for another sex scene with the "phallus" when they kiss and make up) in each Burke novel where she is a character. Thankfully, also, Alafair, Dave's adopted daughter, is far away at college, and we are spared her teenaged brattiness which became tedious in the earlier books and yet another repetition of the story of how Dave came to adopt her, which is included in every book since the introduction of the Alafair character. It's time for Mr. Burke to let the series go. It's a travesty of its former self. Reading this book is like visiting a relative who has lost their mind to dementia - you see a hollow, nearly unrecognizable shell of a formerly vital and beloved person. It's painful 
If you are a runner, you may have experienced the mental benefits that running provides. You may have also felt a spiritual presence while running, perhaps saying a prayer or working through personal problems while on the trail. In this extraordinary book, Joslin explores this mind/body connection and gives many different ways to experience the spiritual side of the sport. He shares meditative techniques developed over many years and very rich personal experiences with excerpts from his running journal. The book is well thought-out and written with a great deal of humility and care. This is one that I will read again and again. It changed the way I approach running. I also think about this book throughout the day, even when I am not running. A great book 
I was a little disappointed. Maybe I should have shopped through a book store. 
Having read Clive Cussler adventures for over 10 years, i was totally disgusted with the redneck and narrow minded attitudes expressed in the book. The father, who does not stay with his son, decides to revenge his son fighting a war trying to kill people in someone else's country. That is perfectly justified! The book mentions Hindu mercenaries who have not been seen anywhere in the world in any century much less this one. This is a direct insult to all Hindus as being one I am astonished at the insensitivity of the author. How come "Hickman" is not a "Christian" mercenary or for that matter the Corporation as they seem to be in this for the money. The justifications are ridiculous. India and Hindus of India have been terrorized, jailed, colonized and robbed by Christian and Muslims alike over the last 1000 plus years. You don't find us calling people by religion and we have all major religions in our secular country. We have grown spiritually to accept everyone, and I would like the authors to read more than a 2 page synopsis on religions before writing books. The book smacks of jingoism and is a pathetic display of the authors minimal knowledge of religions and global affairs 
This year, 60% of college entries will be female. Look at this spring's honor role listings. Last year, 78% of honor role members in my community were female. Schools are fails boys - not girls. If you wish to waste your time on a politically correct diatribe that is full of anecdotal and subjective pap, then get this book. If you want to really improve the quality of education, there are thousands of reads better than this 
Whitman is not the world's greatest poet - that's probably Shakespeare - but he's certainly been the most influential American poetic voice over the past century. He was the first poet to take all of American life as his subject. Ever the Romantic, Whitman was also the first poet to bring Romanticism into line with everyday reality. His narcissism can be annoying, but his panoramic descriptions of life and the imagination have a singularly cumulative power. Some of his short poems ("A Noiseless Patient Spider" and "To a Locomotive in Winter")are individually memorable. The longer poem "When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloomed," indirectly about the Lincoln assassination, is brilliant. I think most of his Civil War poems are overpraised, but "Come Up from the Fields, Father" is a masterpiece of its kind. On the negative side, Whitman's transcendental philosophy, which he likes to indulge at length, will strike many readers as very sappy. His style, lots of details piled up on top of one another, grows monotonous, and readers who criticize his lack of traditional poetic craftsmanship cannot just be brushed off. My advice is to not to try to get through it all at once. The poems rarely become "difficult," they just tend to blur one into the other. Which may actually have been Whitman's intention. Overall,there's never been a book quite like "Leaves of Grass," in any edition, and that's why it keeps selling as a true classic. In other words, a very old book that people still buy and read and enjoy even when no teacher is telling them to. Reading it will get you as close as one book can to actually living in nineteenth-century America, with all its follies, inequities, and promise 
I really expected more from Coetzee, whom I had never read before picking up this book. I saw after finishing the book that it was originally published as separate stories or vignettes, and I'm not surprised. The title character spends all of her time giving speeches, which is strange for a novel--you think you will get a plot, but you just get lectured to. The writing is good, spare and cogent, but the book does not hang together well enough to be a novel, in my opinion. The best chapter, which is the last, has little or nothing to do with the prior chapters 
These are revised remarks since my comments about "Prediabetes" and "Stop Diabetes" being the same book. I got them both and felt somewhat duped. Gretchen did contact me to explain the Prediabetes is a second edition of Stop Diabetes. I wish it said that on the cover. The book(s) info about stopping the progression of diabetes is great, so I do recommend either of these books. It is well written in a style that's easy to understand. Just don't get both books; they're essentially identical 
I read exactly half the book and stopped. Based on all the criticisms of the unlikely ending, that was a good decision. As it is there went hours of my life I won't get back! The book is silly and laughable. The premise sounded great - but the book is bad. Really bad 
Always think twice. Never jump to hasty conclusions without considering ALL the effects of an act or decision. That's the essence of Economics: "looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy." Most economic fallacies are the result of ignoring this lesson, as Henry Hazlitt clearly shows with many examples throughout this witty short book. Are there benefits in destruction (let it be a humble broken window or a bloody war? Is government spending the solution to unemployment or industries in trouble? Can taxes benefit the economy of a country? Do inflationary policies really encourage a well-functioning economy or are they just a smokescreen to conceal otherwise unpopular decisions? Are all labor union practices truly justified? And, what about tariffs, subsidies, parity prices, rent control, or minimum wage laws? These are the kind of issues the author analyses beyond what you can usually hear, read, or see on the media. Beyond what you may think about the government's role in the economy, whether you agree or not with the author's liberal views, "Economics in One Lesson" shows how one should always try to see beyond the obvious and avoid missing the forest for the trees. As the author points out, half-truths presented as complete truths are behind most economic fallacies. Demagogues and 'rogue' economists try to divert our attention by focusing only on the most visible effects of a given decision (or, in the worst cases, on the only effects that should be seen not to discredit an already decided course of action). Learning to supplement and correct their half-truths with the other half is the most reasonable thing an independent thinker can do. BTW, "Economics in One Lesson" might be a good place to start.. 
If you want a VERY simple will or a VERY simple living will or power of attorney for health care, this program will work for you. However, it offers only a very narrow range of options for personalizing the generic forms included in the package. I disliked this program so much that I threw the whole package in the trash. 
As a parent, child and family therapist and school counselor I have seen Positive Discipline concepts change the lives of parents and children alike. We are all searching for a way to raise our children that allows them to develop the long-term life skills of confidence, responsibility, contribution and the ability to solve problems. The schools that teach these skills in addition to academics have students that perform better in school and in life. Using Positive Discipline will actually save you time in the classroom, and make your job and relationships with your students much more enjoyable. 
I was anxious to read the reviews on this book and I am happy to find its not just me! Her words and sentences are REDUNDANT! Yes "wacky artist" was used about 50 times in the span of 2 pages! Liam picked up a poker and scared the daughter! WE KNOW! Don't tell us 100 times! This is what I think: Either Ms. Steel thinks so little of her devoted audience that she feels we need to be spoon fed the material...OR she's just writing whatever comes to mind and no one is editing. Is D. Steel so popular and successful that no one has to proof read her work? Also, is it cold stone sober? Or STONE COLD SOBER? (it should have been the latter) No editor caught that mistake? I've been a fan of Ms. Steel's work for 21 years now and the past few year's works have been deplorable! I first excused it due to the death of her son.. But her talent never picked up again. From the Ranch onward the books are just pure fluff. If you want to read a novel and not think about what you're reading...then read her books, this one especially. If you want to read and process and fall in love with characters try Barbara Delinsky, Luanne Rice, Alison Clement, Susan Wiggs.. 
Written by a senior business advisor in the fields of security, commerce, and governance with a senior strategist and communications consultant, Mapping Security: The Corporate Sourcebook For Today's Global Economy outlines how companies of today and tomorrow can effectively protect themselves against threats, remain fully accountable, and stay within the rules outlined by a hedgemony of global regulations. Detailed nation-by-nation drill downs on security in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, the Americas, and the Asia-Pacific region are particularly helpful in framing what to expect and how to prepare for it. Written in plain terms, Mapping Security is a vital resource for leaders in any multinational business, especially in today's complex world inhabited customers of diverse cultural backgrounds, not to mention increasingly savvy thieves and worse. 
The author brought more than the story of the battle to light. He was able to give insight into the lives of the sailors and their thoughts during the battle 
The trouble starts early. There is an apologetic preamble which states that the author(s) would not dedicate precious space to titles that are well known and well documented beyond the gaming community. This is an enormous assumption about the general public's knowledge - both of video games and more-so it's history of design. Many people that have heard of these games or seen their children watch the TV-spinoffs, most likely would not be able to identify what the games actually look(ed) like or anything about their play dynamics in a gaming environment. Even though Mario, Zelda, Pokemon, Donkey Kong, Defender, Asteroids, Missile Command, Frogger, etc. are mentioned briefly there are no images of reference for these classic games for us to (a) review and recognize, and (b) learn from. If this is supposed to be a sort of retrospective of the graphic art of game design (this is not about studies of techniques for rendering) then why not show some of these all-time classics as well as the 'new-time' classics? The latter are better represented throughout the book but some of the choices are omissions are questionable. The brief smattering of 'classics' that are shown tend to be more human-looking figurative than 'iconic' which seems lacking to me in breadth and style of representation. Beyond this much of the work - but not all - feels and looks rather 'same-y' to me. Lots of brooding dark scene-scapes and characters clearly inspired by countless horror/goth/fantasy masters such as Boris Vallejo or much of the work seen in Heavy Metal. When there is mention of games that are actually considered modern art on display at world-famous museums, such as "Rez," -- we are not shown any images of it because space was taken up by two nearly identical renderings of Lara Croft(!) in the same spread. One has to ask oneself: what was the author/picture editor thinking? The fact of the matter is that for all the long-winded talk in the intro there is little to graphically show us where the industry came from verses where we are now. And from what I can tell, there is absolutely no mention of the explosion of games and utterly unique designs being done in FLASH. Arguably one of the largest and least expensive/complicated environments for making a unique game. Furthermore, all the games covered and talked about (that I can tell) are from very large corporations and as such tend to be slanted and biased in a number of regards. My biggest problem with this book was the editing - particularly with regard to choices of art. Far too many examples if things that look the same versus examples of unique design concepts and forms as well as proper representations for an historical analysis. Very nice printing, some nice layouts, and some interesting topics are raised with relation to character conception versus form, versus environment - but I would not recommend this for critical graphic design analysis or critical anything 
it is juust a copy of the frist book. if you read the frist the world is flat, then don't waste your time. jo 
This is a liberal's study bible. The study notes show the best 'modern' scholarship, which doubts Moses wrote the first 5 books of the bible. Doubts the authorship of most of Paul's Epistles. Even doubts that the beloved disciple John wrote the Gospel of John. Believes Redactionary Interpretive Theory is valid. Falls right in line with most modern and so called 'higher' critisim of the Bible. Avoid this study bible, if you believe the Bible is really God's word from cover to cover 
Krakauer is highly confused and I can tell that so are some of these reviewers. He cannot give insight into or shed light on something he knows little truth about himself. The church he is talking about is completley separate from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. Jon Krakauer is nothing more than an sadly misinformed and idiotic person trying to enlighten his readers with things he has misinterpreted. Books like these are written on every religion with hopes of discouraging the believers and proving to those that don't believe -that their assumptions were correct 
I am nearly finished with this book - I haven't been this mesmerized by a book in forever! I would certainly recommend it 
This book started out good but went downhill quickly because of poor research and virtually NO understanding of computer systems by the author. I don't mind authors skipping over technical details of computer systems to keep the plot moving, but if the author decides to provide detailed technical descriptions of encrytion codes, firewalls and hacking techniques, those details must be fairly correct. In this case, the technical details were so wildly implausible that I finally had to stop reading. The part where hackers were gradually forcing their way through a firewall to access NSA data were particularly difficult to read without becoming distracted by the absurd details. The NSA almost certainly doesn't have computers with highly classified data connected to the internet (through any combination of firewalls) but if they did, they could simply disconnect the internet connection if they were being hacked. Besides all that that, the characters were cliched and not well developed. This is all too bad, because the plot was interesting and I would have kept reading if the technical details were either accurate or just avoide 
I liked the book except the ending,I do not think she should have taken Sam back,He did not stand by her when she needed her most instead he went after another woman,The things he said and did to Alex were unforgivable,Sorry doesn't cut it. 
When I picked up True Believer, I was anticipating a good mystery as well as the chance to empathize with sensitively drawn characters. Neither panned out. This book is boring. The characters are one-dimensional and there is no mystery. Too much detail and not enough substance. Not sure what the point of the story was as I didn't get it 
When I thought there were not any more sex techniques I could learn from a book, this book just amazed me.Combined with stuff about how to make a lady feel special out of bed, this book can make you a better lover, husband or sex partner for sure. 
It's no wonder that people look at me strangely when I explain a great love of history to them. It's books like this that persist in the ruination of history for many a student. If this book were more widely circulated, the need for sleeping pills would be drastically reduced. I have no idea how the author could take something this interesting and make it so boring that I would literally fall asleep reading it 
Colonial Fantasies is a powerfully argued and engaging dissection of colonial psychology, critiques of Orientalism that isolate gender and culture, and the Western feminist adoption of the rescue paradigm. One of Yegenoglu's incisive arguments is that desire is the nexus in the process of colonial discourse that constitutes the Western subject as well as the possible resistance or interruption of this process. As desire frames the relation between the subject and its other, Yegenoglu argues that the veil interrupts the relation. As a barrier from which the other can see but avoid being seen, the veil is the site at which the colonialist desire is made manifest, but simultaneously displaced (62). Her argumentation is lucid and compelling: for the colonial gaze, the veil is both the tantalizing object of desire (in the fantasy of unveiling) as well as the bte-noire, because it precludes the climax of the voyeuristic project. The veil therefore frustrates the identity-forming process of the subject-object positioning in colonialist discourse; the subject cannot quite see the object, and its subjectivity thus remains in question. Interestingly, this overtly phallocentric logic of identity forming through scopic penetration has been inherited by Western feminism. As the veil has come to signify the backwardness of Islam and its inherent oppression of women, the visibility of the veil itself comes to embody difference. In this dynamic, the identity of the liberated Western woman is constructed vis--vis the oppressed Muslim woman (102). Since the status of Western women is contingent on the continued representation of Muslim women as oppressed, Yegenoglu reveals that the Western feminist establishment has a vested interest in the exceedingly patriarchal ideology of colonialism. Yegenoglu then exposes the fallacy of assuming the unveiled woman to be normative; such universal constructions serve particular political ends in outmoded Enlightenment ideology. She argues that unveiling and veiling are both cultural practices particular to certain cultures and historical moments (115). This facilitates the deconstruction of the binary by unfixing the poles. In sum, Yegenoglu's critical analysis of the colonial fantasy has produced a thorough tome sure to provoke further discussion among post-colonial theorists 
In my opinion, besides "Beyond Bodybuilding", this book is the best "value for money" by Pavel so far. Two hundred something pages are saturated with information. Explanations on how and why are thorough and comprehensive. Description of techniques of exercises are not missing the smallest detail. Highly recommended for training freaks. 
Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and Kritiques Nicolae Carpathia continues his reign of terror over the world, destroying any who dare to oppose him. Followers of Carpathianism suffer one indignity after another with their water supply being turned to blood and their bodies breaking out in hideous boils and sores. Angels of God appear to believers all over the world to encourage them and keep their faith strong. The tribulation Force continues to resist Carpathia as they prepare for what is expected to come... the ultimate desecration of the Church by the false god. This story started to pick up again after the two previous books failed to keep this reviewer's interest, who was glad to discover that continued determination to read the whole series was worth it. There are more examples in this installment of what attracted millions to the Left Behind series. Characters continue along the lines drawn for them by their personalities, with readers taking pleasure in experiencing the continued adventures along with the Trib Force and Tsion Ben Judah. However, be forewarned, the culmination of certain characters' individual stories will make readers sit up and shout "What the heck was that?" or "THAT is what happens to them?" The story continues with plenty of adventure for the players and the natural progression of their faith... or lack thereof. Desecration will captivate readers enough to make them hold on to find out what will happen next. ? Kelley A. Hartsell, January 2006. All rights reserved 
I bought my first copy of this book about two years ago. Grabbed my brain and would not turn it loose...because the pages SCREAMED... "THIS IS YOU!". I am now 51 years old, and have had the cross of ADHD ... or blessing... as you may see it all of my life. I found myself picking up the phone to call close relatives and grabbing friends to lecture them on what was going on...mostly reading straight from the book. My mother wondered if my father and older brother had ADHD. Dad is dead now, but this can help me put some of the dysfunction in our relationship together. Yes, I have been persecuted for having untreated, undiagnosed ADHD. Yes, this book explained an awful lot to me, gave me real solutions, and encouraged me knowing that the two authors are also blessed / victims of this malady / mental enhancement! I subsequently have bought copies for my aged mother in another state, and for my fiance. I have to say, my fiance read it through and studied it like a how to manual for fixing me! (She's a little scary, sometimes!) And of course I sent a copy to my brother, the doctor, who has added it to his trusted library of resources and textbooks. I am now on one of the medications for the neurotransmitter stimulus. I have opted out of the antidepressants, because of their scary side effect warnings. But the stimulant works to calm me and flush me with something I don't have without the medication. It makes a difference. I feel better and more confident, more able to concentrate and more up to meeting all the challenges of life. What more can I say? Their attention to all facets including proper medication and case history is fascinating, intriguing, and extremely useful. Hope is out there 
Most of the information is very "theoritical" and "limited" -- author focus mainly on her own analysis of her mother and her relationship with her. ... In a nutshell, the message is that a dysfunctional mother'll pass her emotioanal issues to her daughter(s), and in turn, the daughter(s) may pass that onto her offspring(s). ... 
A disappointing book about a fabulous story. The book reads as if it was pasted together from press cuttings and, if you look at the chapter notes, this appears to be how it was researched. There are little irritants, such as referring to Steve Jobs as "Steve" as if he's a close friend, but the big problem is that it recounts a number of interesting incidents in Steve Jobs' career while missing the main story. And what a fantastic story that is. I hope that someone has written a decent account of Steve Jobs' life because I would like to read it. One thing is certain: "iCon" sure ain't it. 
From the beginning, Roberto was different. He loved his wood, but he'd always rather play with his food than eat it. More than anything he wanted to become a famous architect like his heroes, Hank Floyd Mite and Fleas Van Der Rohe. Belittled at home by the other termites and never taken seriously, Roberto sets off for the big city to build his dreams. Life in the city is hard, and not just for Roberto. He meets all kinds of bugs with housing problems, including roaches chased from a diner, a housefly with no place to go and a poor ladybug whose house is on fire and children are gone. Marshalling all his determination, Roberto decides to build a new community, that will meet the needs of these out-of-luck bugs and maybe make his architect dreams come true at the same time..... Nina Laden has written and illustrated a delightful and amusing story with a most improbable hero and youngsters will be rooting for Roberto as he chases and finally realizes his heart's desire, in his bug eat bug world. Ms Laden's witty text, full of creative wordplay, will charm adults as well as children and her outstanding collage artwork, so full of wonderful detail, really brings this story to life. A terrific picture book for youngsters 4-8, Roberto the Insect Architect lets everyone know that with hard work, your dreams can come true 
Simple arithmetic and you know it's stupid to expect much from a 227 content book that attempts to tell the success stories and forumlas of 55 business leaders. Definitely everyone of them deserves its own biography instead of an average 4.13 pages. So I had lowered my standard before I read it. Still I had been quite disappointed. All passages were columns published previously on IBD written by different reporters that not only the writing style but the focus on individual leaders fluctuated much between hard data/history and success formula, primarly on the former. I am sorry that I could gain little knowledge/insight (that I really wanted to learn "how" they succeeded) during the reading. I felt even worse after reading from the previous reviewer that the content had been available on the net. In short, please give this book a pass! 
Dr. Alex Delaware is completely incorrigible! I love this character, but no wonder his pal Milo is going gray - keeping Alex out of trouble is a full time job! There is a scene in this one where Milo tells Alex straight out not to go snooping - he tells him, "I know you ..." Yeah, Milo knows him all right, and so do we, don't we? (And if you don't - read the books! They're great!) Okay, Alex is a clinical psychologist who is semi-retired, does mostly forensic work now for the court and the police. His best friend Milo Sturgis is a homicide detective with the LAPD. Once Alex gets involved in a mystery, he is incapable of letting it go. In all fairness, it is Milo who gets him involved in this one. Alex and his girlfriend Robin are rebuilding their house - she's a carpenter, so she's very hands-on with the rebuilding. In the meantime, they're living on the beach in Malibu. Sweet. Milo is quite taken by one of the jurors involved in a particularly gruesome and high profile case. Ever since the trial, Lucy Lowell has been having nightmares and Milo asks his friend Alex to try to help her. She's quite a character and Alex is taken by her too. (Things get a little complicated when she reveals her crush on Milo - FINALLY! A woman falls for Milo! (I'm not the only one!) The fact he's gay does put a crimp in things, but no matter). While her recurring dream becomes more intense, other strange happenings have her - and everyone else - questioning her sanity. But there is obviously more going on than anyone originally thought and Alex is afraid maybe this dream is not a nightmare at all, but a long suppressed childhood memory. The memory of a murder. Milo is tied up with another complicated case, so Alex goes off digging on his own - again. I had to laugh - several times, Alex comments about doing something "on impulse" and I'm sitting there waiting for someone to try to kill him. The lies come so easy for him in this one - he's been getting a lot of practice. He pretends to be a journalist, a freelance novelist, a publisher and he even manages to keep his lies straight - he's amazing! But the inevitable happens and he and Lucy find themselves staring down the wrong end of a gun. The mystery is 20 years old, so it's a very cold trail and a very complicated case - you won't figure it out - the ending is quite a surprise 
I'm in a good mood today, and feeling generous -- hence the two stars. Secrest learned that Rodgers could be a rotten person, that he drank and was a womanizer. She then proceeds to beat us over the head with it at great length. I didn't count the words, but it seemed like she spent more time on that then she did on Rodgers and Hammerstein -- not to mention the post-Hammerstein years. We learn nothing about how these shows came about and what happened to them beyond the most cursory; it's if her research there was limited to the notes on the cast albums. I've kept most of my theater books, except for this one. It went to the used book store 
This book explains in simple terms all the stuff that the other one's don't explain. It's one of the best books on photography hands down. It's clearly the next step in amature photography you will need.I am currently waiting for it to arrive at my door. I have read it already. I want to own it so I have it forever. I plain on absorbing every comma, period and explaination mark, and explaining it to everyone. My hat's off to the author. I LIKE IT 
Bought this book hoping for a comprehensive resource of information on hiring a nanny. Boy were we disappointed. As was mentioned in another post - the book is nothing more than a glorified outline, and half of the book is copies of the forms that are on the disk, which forms by the way are in .pdf form and are not even fillable. 
I've read, and re-read the book, although not it's full content, but randomly I open it and find a surprise each time. I just love it 
One of the best new authors to date, and possibly one of the best writers in the history of the English language! Jasper has a VERY firm grasp of the language and creates a..slightly...twisted version of reality where people jump into books, fictional characters jaunt around the real world (Hamlet) and books have a tendancy to re-write themselves. Characters include Jane Eyre (of course), the Cheshire cat, The Red Queen, Hamlet, and a slew of minor personalities from books out of print (for good reasons). If you like puns, you'll LOVE this series 
This book provides a straight-forward approach to a raw-food diet, and the changes required to maintain the health of your pet through the process. It also helps to have someone who can assist you in locating the ingredients locally, but Schultze provides all the requisite information that you will need. A great resource to go to when you get a nagging question, or have a concern. Try not to let people talk you out of trying the diet, as you WILL see changes in the health of your pet; many veterinarians that I have spoken with are not particularly supportive. My 2 y/o Lab has a softer coat, clearer eyes, and better muscle tone since I have started him on the diet. This diet is slightly more expensive than feeding dog chow, but the reward of having a healthy, happy pet far outweigh the associated costs. Good luck, and enjoy your pet 
The book was fun but the fact that it is too long overshadowed all this fun. I got the impression it was rather written to become a movie. All I can say is that thanks to C.Bushnell for 'Sex and the City'. 
Michael Farquhar has created another bathroom book for the history-loving set. This one, Treasury of Deception, is just what it's title implies and is broken down into categories and ranges from prison escapes to scientific frauds, from practical jokes to deadly hoaxes, such as the blood libel. It is a truly odd mixed bag and should be read over a long period in many small bites, although that may prove harder to do than anticipated and one may find oneself gobbling the whole thing down at once. The book is light at the right moments and more serious when required and, amazingly enough, never veers into the truly silly, which is a blessing 
Few works survive two and a half thousand years and remain a masterpiece. This is one of them. Thucydides crisp account of the long struggle that brought disaster to his native Athens is remarkable for it's candor, despite events that must have been tragically painful. The text includes legendary personalities (Pericles, Alcibiades, Demosthenes, Nicias, etc): their actions, words, and fate. Facts license readers to decide what's important, and the events described are worthy of discerning the essence of humanity. Who would have thought the promise of Persian defeat (told by Herodotus) would be squandered in a tedious contest that ultimately proved grave for all involved? Athens' distinction as the first democracy makes it a vital epic (given recent attempts to democratize the Middle East). Melos destiny at Athens' hands may give pause. As may the Syracuse expedition (especially Book Seven). I read Warner's translation thirty years ago (it was 50p then), and still turn to it from time to time. Also recommended: `The Landmark Thucydides' (Robert Strassler, Victor Davis Hanson). This is a volume for those willing to spend a bit more to obtain the history matched with maps and footnotes 
I disagree with the reviewer who said that this book does not offer solutions. Again and again the author reports that people need to be heard, and need to stop repressing emotions to get well. As a counselor working with battered women, I was amazed at the number of them who also had auto-immune disorders such as fibromyalgia. This book is a must read 
OMG!!! I could not put this book down... I am in my upper twenties and I am going thru a bunch of these symptoms already. Yes the book is bios about natural progesterone, so what... I have not personally used progesterone cream yet, because I am waiting for my saliva test results to make sure that's what I need. But even if I don't, everything else provided in the book is amazing information. Your diet, your vitamins, your stress level, your physical activity, everything is co-related to most woman's hormonal imbalances. They even talked about a case where a woman did not want to use the natural progesterone and how by changing all of the other stuff in her life, she achieved hormone balancing. If you are suffering from hormonal imbalances, I will strongly recommend this book. I also bought other ones that I will be reading after this one. But I started with "Be Lean by Romy Seleznov", which is a story from her life and how she struggled to balance her hormones and gives all the details of what she did, then I continued with this book, and the next one I will be reading is "Natural Hormone Balance for Women" by Uzzi Reiss, which does cite this book as well. If you think you have a hormonal imbalance, please do not rely on your doctor 100%, I am not saying that you should not believe them or rule out everything they say, but do your homework. I have been telling my doctors since I am in my TEENS that I feel I have an imbalance with my hormones and since all of the results come back fine they have been telling me that my symptoms were "normal"... WRONG!!! Now they found a tumor in my pituitary gland, which causes an imbalance... The tumor grows slowly, so I am sure that it has been there for years, but they never checked it before. Now that I am treating it, all of my "normal" symptoms are almost gone. I am still on the process of getting everything in balance. If you feel you have something wrong, even if the results of your blood work comes as normal, READ more and look for healthy ways of changing your diet, exercising more, balance your hormones, and look for second opinions and definitely have a good naturopath that you can go to. Also "Bikram Yoga", is an excellent exercise to helping you with hormonal balancing. At least that's part of what I changed. 
If one approaches this book with a view to learning Music Theory, one would be slightly disappointed. The author brushes right through the fundamentals but that is to be expected from an outline book of this type. All in all, I think this book will come in useful after I've learned Music and need to review theory from time to time. Great book though 
I held great hopes for this book--Duveen has long been of interest to me because of the pivotal role he played in the creation of some of the greatest art collections in this country. However, Secrest in her drive to capture the "essence" of the man has so mangled the story of his life and career that reading her work is more chore than delight. To say the book is disorganized is to deal in serious understatement. But worse than that are the inaccuracies, especially when she writes about Duveen's customers. Just for starters, apparently she didn't recognize the need to differentiate between John D. Rockefeller, Jr. and his father (or maybe she didn't know there has been more than one JDR!). You won't learn much from this tome that you don't know to begin, and getting through it will be a struggle. 
The Big Sky is not just a masterpiece, it's probably THE masterpiece of the genre of western frontier fiction. This is unusual because it deals with a moment in time that isn't really dealt with that much - the Rocky Mountain fur trade during its golden age of about 1820 - 1850. The cowboy era has been responsible for most of western film and literature, partly because the images and events that happen in that world are recognizable to us: the economic and social issues you always see dealt with in "cowboy" movies mirror our own experiences in many ways. The cowboy has also been said to be an image of freedom to Americans, when actually nothing was further from the truth. Cowboys were regular working stiffs, about as romantic as carpenters or plumbers in their own day. They didn't consider themselves "free", nor would they have spent much time thinking about it during their brutal 14 hour work day. They did what they did because they loved horses and riding and cattle and it was good honest work that paid a living wage, and there was a bit of swagger to it - people in town recognized cow hands for the tough-as-leather men they were, especially with their characteristic boots and hats and general flair for the dramatic that many had. But it was backbreaking work, and the entire cowboy heydey lasted less than 30 years. I said all that to say that "The Big Sky" really is about freedom, and really is about the West. It's about the true, wild, primitive west, before the plow, before roads, when there were still huge, intact Indian cultures in place with armies of horsemen and enormous herds of buffalo. So it's interesting to me that this genre is largely ignored, but I can see why - there are no set-piece plots just begging to be turned into movies - no "new sherriff in town" characters, because there are no sherriffs, and no towns other than a few trading posts. There is only the land and the sky and the interaction between a few incredibly brave white men and all those Indians. If you don't already know, this is the story of Boone Caudill and his friend Jim Deakins, and several important side characters, but it's basically Boone's book. He's driven west by an aching need for wildness and freedom, and is pushed out by a brutal father. He makes his way west to St. Louis, along the way befriending Deakins, in hopes of meeting his uncle Zeb who had become a trapper years earlier. The rest of the tail is complex and interlaced, and not a simplistic good guy/bad guy plot at all, and what stands out is the crystalline depictions of the people and places and over all, arching like the sky itself, is freedom. Freedom to roam at will in that beautiful country is the main character of this book. Freedom is the religion, the politics, the philosophy, the recreation - it is everything that is important. The trappers are there to trap - sure - but they're really there because this is a wild, free place, where they will not be hampered by rules, where they can be natural men. It sounds over romanticized, but it really did happen that way, and from what we know, that is truly the way they felt about their lives and why they endured the agonies of that existence. Despairing that new settlers are moving west and building farms and towns, Boone cries "Lord, Jim - remember the Tetons standing proud in the sun, and the Seeds Ke Dee...don't you remember her when she was all purty and new and not a man track on her save Injun?" This novel makes you sob like few I've ever read. The sense of loss, the closing of an age of the world, hangs in the air like mist. They are going to be the last to see something so precious, and for their pains they get to watch their world wither and die under the press of settlement. The movie "The Mountain Men" with Charleton Heston comes close to capturing a tiny bit of this book, and you can tell it's inspired in many ways by it, but no other book or film has ever come close to truly painting the world of the mountain man as has this novel. "Jeremiah Johnson" is another good film, with many fine touches. But if you want to follow the water up stream, back to its source in the mountains, then please, before you grow too old, read "The Big Sky" and open your heart to that time and place and the wild, brazen beauty of the America few Americans know ever existed 
I've read all of Nevada Barr's Anna Pigeon books and enjoyed every one of them until I reached Hard Truth. After writing so many intellligent, suspenseful stories, Barr has joined what seems to be an open competition among mystery writers to see who can come up with the most despicable crime. Murder's not nasty enough? How about the murder of children? Still not gruesome enough? Add incest/rape/torture...you get the picture. Ostensibly such books are meant to give the reader insight into the minds of evil villains, but really, who cares? The kind of evil depicted in these books is not just disgusting but banal. It's like bad language in humor--in general, it's just a cover for bad writing. In Hard Truth, Barr outdoes all of the competition for sheer nastiness, in the process leaving out the features that make her other books so enjoyable: the charm and intelligence of her main charcter, the well-reasoned defense of nature, the lush descriptions of each story's setting. I found this book neither enlightening nor remotely enjoyable. I give it two stars for an interesting but largely wasted character (a recently paralyzed ice climber), but otherwise I'm sorry I spent my time and money on it 
Like many others in my book group, I had been looking forward to finally reading something by Pamuk. And like most of my book group, I was fairly disappointed by this short early novel from him. Originally published in Turkey in 1985, the story is prefaced by an introduction in which one Faruk Darvinoglu purports to have discovered the manuscript in a dusty archive. He then goes on to explain that parts of the story can be historically corroborated, but much of it can't. This should immediately alert the reader not to take everything in the book as it comes. Even more so if the reader knows that Darvinoglu is the protagonist of Pamuk's earlier book The House of Silence. Such intertextual tricks immediately bring to mind the works of Calvino, Borges, and their ilk. The basic plot is very straightforward: in the mid 17th-century, a young Venetian gentleman is captured by Turkish raiders and sold into slavery to an aspiring Turkish scholar who happens to look just like him. The two men then spend the next few decades cloistered together, engaged in various psuedo-intellectual investigations of astronomy, biology, engineering, and so on. These bring them to the attention of the Sultan (based on Mehmet IV), whose patronage waxes and wanes, culminating in a lengthy attempt to construct a powerful war machine. Along the way, their claustrophobic relationship swings back and forth, and is interrupted by an outbreak of the plague, whose outcome they are tasked with predicting. The book concludes with a brief section which will challenge the reader's assumptions and calls into question everything that comes before it. Namely, are there two characters or are they just manifestations of two aspects of a single person? This all unfolds at a glacial pace, and the two "characters" are mere ciphers. Their clashing of wills and ideas take up page after page, but the reader is always told about the conflict rather than shown it, and this makes for disengaging reading. Pamuk seems much less interested in storytelling or characters than in grand themes such as the nature of identity, the collision of cultures, and the very nature of reality. But none of these are addressed in a way that is particularly fresh or interesting. The tension between East and West is handled in a fairly superficial manner, as the Turkish master is obsessed with Western advances in science and technology, while the Sultan has a credulous appetite for tall tales and soothsayers. This all comes across as a rather ambivalent satire of the fluidity of Turkish national character. In the end, this is not a particularly good introduction to major modern writer whom many have compared to Eco, Calvino, Borges, Kafka, and Kundera. However, readers who enjoy highly ambiguous works about self-identity with unreliable narrators may find this a satisfying read 
I LOVED this book! I read it in a single day. I have read everything else of Maupin's and strongly recommend this novel, too. This is probably my favorite book of his. The author had more lyrical descriptions in this book than I remember from his past volumes. I found myself rereading lines and paragraphs simply for the sheer beauty of language. The falling apart relationship between Gabriel and Jess also hit me as realistic and at times almost too painful to read. A great book!!! 
When I first got diagnosed with ADD (as an adult) I believe the exact phrase "You mean I'm not lazy, crazy or stupid?" went through my mind. FINALLY, there was an explanation. So when I heard about a book by that name, certainly I had to check it out. Once I did though, I was sorely disappointed. I have ADD, yes. Nevertheless, I've still managed to get pretty far in life in spite of the "handycap" the authors of this book seem so eager to hide under. It's been a while since I read it, but I have the distinct recollection of finding some new example of a "You can't succeed in the world because you are 'disabled'" mentality on every page. You can't do this, you can't do that, you've failed and you will continue to fail - just accept it. Excuse me? I don't know about the authors of this book, but MY ADD makes me creative and intuitive and perceptive and just generally a genuinely unique and awesome person (egomania aside). Where is this addressed? Where are the helpful hints for harnessing THAT kind of potential? If they're in there, I sure didn't see them. All I found were new little tricks for combatting the "affliction" with which I am (oh so unfortunately) beset. Using these tricks, I can hope against hope for some semblence of a "normal" life they say. Thanks but no thanks. I'm doing pretty well so far, and I refuse to feel like some sort of mental cripple. If you, and the authors are happy considering yourself as something less than the rest of the world because of the way your mind works, feel free - this is the perfect book for you. But you can count me out. 
Mr Wong is making a good living selling his book and working the lecture circut. Some good ideas but a lot of impractical stuff included. The reality of the classroom and the ineffectiveness of school administration make working under such ideal circumstances unrealistic. Work in 5 classes of 40-50 kids each day who can't read (many are moved up so they can be with their friends) and such touchy feely programs quickly fall aside. 
This book is more dated than THE SECRET GARDEN, but it's still a great story. It's hard NOT to identify with Sara Crewe. I loved this book as a child (though not as much as I loved THE SECRET GARDEN, which I think is a better book). However, A LITTLE PRINCESS may appeal more to some people; some readers may find the story stronger and the main character, Sara Crewe, more likable. Sara's determination to stay herself despite how other people treat her and view her is inspiring and may help readers through tough times of their own. Some scenes (I don't want to spoil the surprise by describing them) are magical. A LITTLE PRINCESS is a great story that makes readers think. Some of those thoughts make you uncomfortable, like the thoughts about differences between rich and poor children - but that (I think) is part of the book's greatness. Be sure to get an unabridged edition: this book is beautifully written and should not be simplified. Kids now CAN read and will love this book: at least, every girl to whom I have given a copy has read it and reread it -- on her own. For a modern, well-written book about another girl at an English boarding school, read Libby Koponen's BLOW OUT THE MOON. It has the same classic feel, though American heroine is very different from Sara in some ways (though she too is determined to hang onto her identity) and MOON is quite funny 
By arguing that human rights comes from some vague concept of "dignity" and "familiarity" rather than sentience and feeling, Fukuyama brings to mind the European colonists who considered Africans no more than "common beasts." His philosophy, although argued in a tone that seems reasonable, is at turns startingly narrow-minded and genetically-racist. Not reccomended: readers should look otherwheres for a more balanced and less judgemental review of biotechnology and ethics 
That so many people gave this book five stars really concerns me. Luckily, I bought this book used, otherwise I might be kicking myself for paying full price. Between her utterly uninspired "devotional dances" to things such as sex, wisdom, and the "Sticky One" (a term she made up for the astral body), and her constant blabber about masturbation and rubbing your juices all over everything to "anoint" it, I was unimpressed, to say the least. However, driving on a trip a friend and I got a lot of laughs out of flipping through this book. It's very, very amusing if you don't take it seriously. The thing that makes me sad is that she's just using her sexuality to sell a feel good waste of paper with absolutely no depth. There's nothing evolutionary about it, unless you consider being a wanton, idiotic freak "evolutionary". If this is what humanity is evolving into, I am frightend 
I have nothing more to say than I've already said in my headline. Lou Dobbs' book was a big disappointment for me. 
If you are planning a trip to Italy, this is a book you should take with you 
Oz talks sense. From the first chaper, I was hooked. She suggested making a minor change for the first week. I cut back on one soft drink per day - from 3 down to 2. That was quite painless. I also took her starter tips - drink water before meals and don't eat closer than 2 hours before bedtime. Again, those were minor and didn't crimp my style. This is not really a diet book though it deals with diet (as in what you eat). It's really about living well and making mostly good choices but not going overboard (and ultimately failing). Oz is a vegetarian, but she said that red meat was fine in moderation. Go for only twice per week on that she suggested. I love beef, but I also like chicken and fish and can tweak that part of my meal plan. Chips are junk food, but a bowl isn't a huge deal. Just don't grab the bag and keep munching. If you have an urge for chocolate, melt some semi-sweet chocolate and dip fruits like strawberries in the chocolate. It really does satisfy that chocolate craving with smaller amounts of chocolate. That's typical of her advice and things that I can handle and maintain. She also talks about exercise and about supplements (meant to supplement and not take the place of good food). She's reasonable with her ideas here as well. I added some extra work out time (even jogging 5 minutes while watching TV adds up if you do it pretty often) and bought a basic vitamin plus B, C and E (all heartily approved by my doc). Oz lost 10 pounds her first semester. This is not a crash course. She's down 30 lbs now (over 2 years I think) - just slowly and surely. And, she's maintained rather than yo-yo'ing. I think most people (college or not) would benefit from reading this book and trying out Oz's common sense plan. Older readers might need a little less food overall and might not opt to go out and have a snowball fight to burn calories, but the basics are here for a good lifestyle plan that isn't painful and does work. This would be a great book for anyone (females more so) headed off to college or in college. Oz has dealt with being overweight. She did a lot of research and put a workable plan into action. I think most readers will love her style and also will be able to use her ideas and stay slimmer and healthier. 
Of all the articles and books of Chomsky that I have read, Necessary Illusions: Thought Control in Democratic Societies is without doubt the most exhaustively researched (and footnoted), the most logically structured, and the most convincing. Chomsky reminds us that the majority of the populace rely on the various media institutions for their information about political affairs; both domestic and foreign. One can only hold an opinion on a topic if one knows about the topic. So take, for example, the popular myth of the 'persistent Soviet vetoe' at the UN during the cold war. Why do people believe the USSR was constantly vetoeing any and every Security Council Resolution? Simple! When they did, it generated front page condemnation. When the US or the UK exercised their right of veteo: silence. As Chomsky notes, during the years of 1970 and 1989 the former Soviet Union veteod 8 resolutions. The US veteod some 56. This is what Chomsky refers to as Thought Control. Unless the public examine the factual record of the UN themselves, they will never come by this information, (at least not in the mainstream press). So although Chomsky's title may appear somewhat paradoxical, or oxymoronic, a moments reflection on such facts shows it to be, in fact, extremenly pragmatic and truthful. The question is, have you the honesty and sheer guts to question yourself and challenge the information which has contributed to your beliefs? The crux of Chomsky's argument is that propaganda is to a democracy what violence is to a dictatorship. Chomsky points out that, in fact, propaganda is, contrary to popular postulations, more important and vital to a democratic society because people still have some rights. That is, since people can talk, the powers that be must ensure that only the correct words come out of the peoples' mouths. In a dictatorship it does not really matter too much what people think; for whatever they may think, they have to do what they are told, by pain of death. In countries such as the US (and the UK) other, more subtle, methods are required. People often critisise Chomsky for the sources of his information (the copious footnotes). No such critique can be levelled at this work. Chomsky's sources are declassified internal planning documents, naval proceedings documents, and the very institutions he examines, New York Times, Washington Post etc. If there was one Chomsky book I would suggest you to read, this would be it 
John Little and Peter Sisco wrote static contraction... but John takes it a step further and eliminates the need for doing reps with scientific explanations to back up his revolutionary concept of weight training/ muscle building.. My girlfriend and I started doing this method in may of 2005 and I can honestly say i've never found such a fast, quick and easy way to build muscle. This is also a great method for those not wanting to spend hours in a gym... after a while, you only need to workout once a week... but don't forget to stretch afterwards... and don't forget to do cardio on other days. I've never been able to develop the 6pack abs until I used the techniques in this book... not to mention all the other muscles popping out that I never knew were there before! I don't entirely agree with his take on supplements - although I think he's referring to all the stupid gimmicks out there designed to waste your time and money. Apparently he's not familiar with Shaklee 
This book is so densely packed with miniscule details and examples that the information's significance becomes blurred, if not obsolete. The authors show they are very knowledgable on the subject, but they fail to analyze the information they present. The reader is left to interpret the meaning of details and ponder why they are included. The authors also use repetitive examples that become tiring and ineffective. The only minutely important information is presented in the topic sentences of each paragraph, and the book can be reasonably well understood just by reading the introductory sentences. While this book could be a treasure house for someone researching the relationship between manors and their respective villages, the average reader's attention is never captured. Students, beware! Before embarking on an excruciatingly dull explaination of medieval village life, reconsider your other options of reading material. (One option is another book by these authors that has gotten better reveiws. 
In response to the guy who said this book isn't scientific I say, it's as scientific as the diagnosis. (Which is essentially a catalog of behaviors that annoy teachers, but I digress.) There's no scientific proof that ADHD actually exists as a disorder. Since we don't understand the brain, or why it does things, how can we assume that brain scans actually tell anyone anything? Choosing a positive perspective about annoying behavior is a good start. The book is worth your time, but you should also check out Hallowell or Ingersoll 
This is *da book* on The Dick Van Dyke Show, but it's really far more than that. It is the finest book on a TV sitcom I've ever come across. Waldron painstakingly discusses everything you'd ever want to know about the show, and he interviewed (seemingly) everyone connected with the show, including Carl Reiner, Mary Tyler Moore, Dick, Larry Matthews, Rose Marie, and many of the writers. If you're a DVDS fan, you've gottta have this tome on hand. I can't recommend it highly enough. I fervently hope Vince will do subsequent books on Cheers and other sitcoms...he's the ONLY man for the job 
This was another Pinker book I couldn't finish. If he was a taxi-driver he would take you from Brooklyn to New York via San Francisco. Sometimes even his asides have asides! Perhaps like pulp fiction writers he gets paid by the word 
don't buy this book, no substance only good for sale 
It took me a year to finally complete this book. And honestly, the only reason I completed it was because I had nothing else on my bookshelf to read. This book dragged on and on to the tiny climax about 5 pages from the end. What a waste of such a beautiful book cover. Do not waste a year of your life or a dime of your money 
my three year old loves this and I do too! it is a great book to share at Xmas as well. The pictures are wonderful and we are giving it to nursery school as part of Chinese New Year celebration 
Hal Abelson is responsible for a famous epigram, "If I haven't seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on my shoulders." This book is solidly enough written, but it's a cut-down, shallow rehash of a few justly famous functional programming textbooks. The first is Abelson and Sussman's "Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs"; the second, Bird and Wadler's "Introduction to Functional Programming". If you want to really learn deep truths about programming, go buy those two books. If they leave you scratching your head about how to transmogrify what you learn into Perl, buy Schwartz's "Perls of Wisdom" 
You'd be better off using the internet to figure the game out. The guide feels super cluttered, it's almost hard to read and it doesn't tell you everything at the right time. I think it feels cluttered because there's too many pictures in it. Every page has at least 7 or 8 images on it. The best thing about the guide is the production value but I didn't buy for that 
I bought this book this weekend as we're doing the pre-five in a Row w/our preschooler and I don't much like it. I've got a mother w/borderline personality disorder and who doesn't observe personal boundaries of other's what-so-ever (if I need a break away, she hunts down my poor husband, all my relatives and friends- ugh) and so this book just kind of made my stomach turn as I could see her reading this to me and justifying her 'stalker mom' mentality. In the end, I think if a person is from a semi-normal household w/proper respect for a child's boundaries and need for space away from their parents, then this book is okay. I just find some moms are too smoothering- even ones w/o personality disorders- and this book doesn't send a message about love as much as 'I own you'. I like 'Mama Do You Love Me?' better for explaining to a child a parent's unconditional love. 'Good-Night Moon' by Margaret Wise Brown, however, is by far my children's all time favorite book. I was reading that one to them ineutero and still every night before they go to bed. They love it and so do we as parents. But this one even creeped my hubby out and he's from a fairly 'normal' family. Take it w/a grain of salt 
I was so impressed with this book that I wrote the following letter to its author: I just completed your book Time Tactics of Very Successful People. The book is truly a masterpiece, and I have found it immeasurably helpful in my ongoing pursuit to become the best person that I can be. Your book is full of wisdom and great ideas, the value of which is many times the price I paid for the book. I have read the works of personal development legends like Napoleon Hill, Brian Tracy, W. Clement Stone, Tony Robbins, Mark Victor Hansen and others and have benefited from all of them, but I really enjoyed reading your book because I found that you offered some fresh ideas that these other great men did not. I am sure that the extraordinary concepts your book provides will enrich my spirit, enlighten my mind, and serve as conduits for achieving my goals for the rest of my life. I really liked the way that you ended the book. The quote you gave from Earl Nightengale perfectly reflects my philosophy for successful living, but helped me crystallize my thinking in a way that has helped refines my philosophy further. Thanks again for providing the world such a valuable resource, a guide which I am certain has helped and will continue to help many others to live happier, more productive, and more peaceful lives. 
I found this novel at a bookstore on the boardwalk I visit at least once every summer. I love going there and looking to see if I can find a book that I have never heard of, by an author I've never heard of, and buy it on a whim. This is the novel I bought last year. I has, unfortunately, sat on my shelf since then until tonight, because of many reasons. Tonight, however, I picked it up and read it cover to cover. The narrative was brilliantly told, the dialogue completely believable and the plot totally heartwrenching. If I had made it to the end without some tears, I would believe myself made of stone! Skip is a character many can relate to: a man unsatisfied with how his life has turned out, down about how his friends have really not been friends at all, that gets the chance to do something great by this little child. However, it is the change she makes in those around her which are truly the BLESSINGS of the title. Faith, a name not used lightly, restores her namesake in all those touched by her. She ultimately gives him the chance of making something of his life without even knowing it. Many BLESSINGS occur in this wonderful novel, and I found myself all at once sour about how humankind can be at times, but also proud at how humankind can be at others (which is a fact, in itself, that proves how well Quindlen has spun her tale). The fact is that just because a person has been to jail, has deadbeat friends, does not mean he is of that same stock; just because an elderly woman has become so dragged down by her own life does not mean she has no feeling left in her. Skip, Lydia, Nadine, Meredith, Jennifer...all have many dimentions to their characters that Quindlen has spectacularly drawn 
This is one of the most insightful books I've ever come across. The author is simply a genious. Embracing the principles of this book may be the difference between developing a successful business or not 
I have loved each and every one of Jane Hamilton's other novels and highly recommend them: The Book of Ruth, A Map of the World, Short History of a Prince and Disobedience. This book, sadly, does not rank among them. It feels forced and uninteresting, with outlandish and unrecognizable characters and scenarios. I've already paid for it, so I'll probably try to finish it, but don't waste your time or money. Read another Hamilton instead 
If you want a biased and misleading account of the Arab war against Israel, this ought to satisfy you. Shlaim tells us that Jabotinsky, in discussing Zionism explained that "if the cause is just, justice must triumph." I think Jabotinsky made a very good point here. You see, human beings will, if given the chance, tend to buy land in the places they wish to live in. The ones who can make best use of the land and wish to do so will be the high bidders for the land. If injustice consists of stealing that land from them and justice consists of letting them buy the land and keep it (which they will wish to do if they are offered only low prices for it), then it is easy to see what the triumph of justice would mean here. In particular, it would mean a prosperous Israel and a triumph for Zionism. Shlaim appears to have missed all this. To him, Zionism is unjust. And to him, the triumph of terror and theft is both forthcoming and desirable. He tells us that a new independent Levantine Arab state "is inevitable." I disagree. It may be likely. But it would serve no purpose. It would not help Jews, Arabs, or others. Its only purpose would be to damage Israel. The people of such a state do not as yet have an independent language, religion, culture, cuisine, or foreign policy. So I think there is still hope that sanity may prevail here. Shlaim also tells us that this new Arab state will be "weak, demilitarized, and territorially divided." Is it just possible that this, if true, provides even more reasons why neither side might want to create it at all? And could that make the appearance of this state even less inevitable? Or at least less desirable? And the author also explains that both sides in the Arab-Israeli conflict will have to make "painful compromises," and that Jerusalem will have to be "the subject of hard bargaining." Really? Is having peace and prosperity with reasonable borders a painful compromise? For either side? Of course not. Shlaim is kidding us if he expects us to believe that war, poverty, and destruction are somehow less painful. Had Shlaim been writing about France and Germany, we'd have seen at once that the whole viewpoint is nonsense. He'd have been telling us that the German National Socialists needed an independent state in France, either to replace all of France or part of it. He would have laughingly dismissed French claims on the basis of the entire idea of France being unjust! He'd have sternly explained that a German National Socialist state in France was both desirable and inevitable. And he would have discussed the necessary "painful compromises" for both sides and the "hard bargaining" about Paris. There are plenty of reasonable books about the Arab war against Israel. This isn't one of them 
Kate White introduces us to the world of tabloid reporting in a sassy titillating crime novel--Over Her Dead Body. I could feel the slime drip off the characters that were responsible for keeping the Buzz and its rag competitors in production. While the mention of 'current' celebrities will date this book, Kate's spellbinding storytelling definitely has staying power. Over Her Dead Body is a fast-paced novel about the murder of the Mona Hodges, Editor in Chief of the Buzz, who had a long list of hostages in her wake, each one having good reason to hate her or perhaps kill her-with a sprinkling of romance for levity. Even though the main character, Bailey Weggins, a celebrity crime writer, gets discombobulated many times throughout the investigation, she is clever enough to pull together the pieces of the mystery to its conclusion. Right to the end Kate White keeps the reader guessing on who did this horrible crime. I am looking forward to reading more Bailey Weggins' mysteries. Don't keep us waiting, Kate! Armchair Interviews says: Sounds like another good summer read. 
Mark Rank proposes many interesting ideas that attempt redefine how we think about poverty in America. Most of his ideas are solid, but my deepest concern is with the readers who gave this book 5 stars and used the word "interesting" to describe it. Did they actually read it? This book is an unending parade of boring and repeated ideas presented in different, yet equally boring ways. I honestly beleive that this book has destroyed the thrill of musical chairs for me forever. This book could have been written in about 150 pages instead of the 250 it actually took if he simply used his original, not to mention solid, ideas. The nature of the book greatly weakened his overall argument. Not only was the book dry, but it also seemed to fail to acknowledge the global system the US is a part of, and in particular, the role that immigration plays on poverty in the US. He talks about the US and the people in it as if they were static, but we live in a very fluid world, growing more fluid everyday, and I feel that his failure to ackowledge this fact truly hurts his overall argument. 
I ordered this book through a bookclub and returned it. It was terrible! Tanya Holland is a beautiful Black woman, but I feel has gone too far out of the way to create "innovative and different" recipes so much that they are not appealing and certainly should not be categorized as soul food. The price is outrageous for the handful of recipes that were chosen for this cookbook. I collect african american/soul food cookbooks among others. If you are really into soul food cookbooks and what they really represent, your money would be better spent on "Essence Brings you Great Cooking" by Jonell Nash, "The Ebony Cookbook" by Freida DeKnight or "The Black Family Reunion Cookbook" by the The National Council of Negro Women. If you are interested in healthier soul food try, "The New Ebony Cookbook" by Charlotte Lyons or "The Family Dinner Quilt Cookbook" by The National Council of Negro Women. If you are interested in diverse, cultural flavors, I would recommend Vertamae Grosvenor's cookbooks or "Iron Pots and Wooden Spoons" by Jessica B. Harris. I have collected over 50 african american soul food cookbooks. They cover the gamut. That is why I can give an honest opinion on Tanya Holland's book. I just wish that she would publish an african american cookbook that the average African American can relate to. One that would be useful to families in their everyday cooking. 
"The Last River - The Tragic Race for Shangri-la".......Tragic. Yes I'd agree that this book is tragic. Tragic that I bothered reading it.....tragic that I paid for it in order to read it.....tragic that Todd wasted his time writing it......tragic that I disliked it so much that I can be bothered writing a review. The warning should have come upon examination of the back of the dust jacket. "Advance praise for The Last River" it reads. In retrospect this means no one is prepared to recommend the book after they have read it. It seems that Todd had a vision of how big a book needs to be, and went to great lengths to flesh out the story to reach his goal. So much of the content has so little relevancy to the story, that you soon tire trawling through it. This was my third Tsango experience. I do recommend the Outside documentary on the Lindgren expedition. "Hell or High Water" is not outstanding, but is worth a read, but on this book, my advise to Todd is please make this the Last River that you drag through the wringer 
This book is seriously out of date for modern web design and development 
"East of Eden" is a beautifully written, sprawling, three generation saga of the men and women who settled the Salinas Valley in California. The story begins far away in the East, on the farm of the unscrupulous Cyrus Trask and his two sons, Adam and Charles. Adam is an upright, honest young man who naturally draws people to him, while Charles has an angry, violent spirit. Charles tries in vain to earn the love of his father, and takes his anger at his failure out on Adam. Adam is sent by his father into the army as a sign of his love, but Cyrus keeps Charles close to home, knowing that war would release something dangerous and violent in his other son. Adam wanders for many years across the country after his service, and some of the most lyrical passages in the book describe his life as a tramp, closely mirroring Steinbeck's own experiences during the Depression. Finally he returns to the farm and exists in uneasy partnership with Charles until the mysterious Cathy arrives. The more astute Charles quickly realizes her true nature, but innocent Adam marries her and they move to California. Adam expects Cathy to pursue his dream of life on a ranch, but Cathy is a vicious, evil character with no redeeming qualities, and after the birth of twin sons she escapes only to re-emerge much later when her sons are grown. Adam hibernates for many years on the ranch, broken-hearted over Cathy's desertion, and convinced he must hide the secret from his sons forever, which become an impossible task. Repeating the pattern of their father's life, the twins Aron and Caleb vie for their father's love, with Aron effortlessly winning it while Caleb comes to believe there is something evil lurking in his spirit. But this time around, Caleb is redeemed in a way Charles never was. Steinbeck's prose is masterful, and his descriptions of the Salinas Valley, lush with the rains, brutal with the drought, capture exactly why men were drawn to the west. His portrayals of character and motives--sadly lacking in the movie--are totally convincing, and his Adam is a flawed but admirable character. Steinbeck has been a bit out of favor--at least until this was chosen as an Oprah book. As an English-as-a-second-language teacher I recently taught "The Pearl," and that book too surprised me with its gorgeous writing and subtle imagery. (We all read it in high school but I now realize it went right over my head.) Try Steinbeck again--you won't be disappointed--my book club wasn't! 
Being a student of photojournalizm in Moscow, Russia, I looked for the most complete book on photographic composition that is available. I had studied one book on the subject by the russian author, but knowing that photography in the US is much more developed and professional I was striving to get a book by a professional photographer. I was disappointed by the book "Photographic Composition" by Tom Grill for a number of reasons: 1. It does not cover all important compositional elements, and those that it covers are not explained in full detail. It does not explain: - how elements with the similar shapes, similar sizes or similar tone interact with each other, - the reverse perspective effect and its uses, - why right and left sides of the photograph differ and why, how it can be used on practice, - how to balance "weight" of different elements of the photograph, it touches it briefly and furthermore provides an incorrect example, - difference between compositional center and the center of interest, how to balance them if they are in different parts of the photo (does not match each other) - all signs of perspective, it does not say anywhere that overlapping of objects is a clear sign of perspective (trivial as it may sound, it still should be marked in any complete work, especially when the author covers other three elements) - and much much more. 2. It does not use photographs of the best masters to illustrate the topic, neither does it show how composition works in art, which I believe is very important. 3. Most examples are in color, while most ideas on composition are best explained using B photographs. 4. Last but not least, composition is about meaning, making a message, not just how to balance different elements within a frame. The book makes this statement, but in my opinion fails to provide poverful examples, while you can fully appreciate the power of composition only by studying powerful photos with good explanation why precisely this photo is good. OVERALL: I believe that if you want to study composition you want to know all important considerations, not just a few and briefly explained "how-to-quickly-improve-any-photo-you-take". This books fails to provide complete approach to composition and at times can be misleading. I'd be very grateful if you could recommend me (and other folks that look at our reviews) a more thorough book on composition, I'm sure there must be a good book in english on that subject. Thanks! P.S. For those who can read in russian I advise a book by A. Lapin "Fotografiya kak..", which compared to the book by Tom Grill explains composition in full 
The package the book came in was smashed. The book appeared as if it had been used. It took over 2 weeks for it to arrive. I wouldn't order any books from amazon agai 
Harvey is a totally spoiled boy. It starts when Harvey is on a ship with his Mother (I forget where they are going) he is washed overboard, and saved by a fisherman `Manuel.' On the fishing boat Harvey makes his first friend, learns to work for his keep and so on. The story worked, it wasn't cheesy, maybe because it was one of the first novels of that type, but the plot of Harvey "growing up" seemed just to be there so you will read the book. The characters were well developed except the cook, you never really figure out where he is coming from. Most of the book was about fishing of The Grand Banks, very interesting is you like fishing and ships, but if you are reading it for the story, there is not that much, the ending was also weak, we are happy the Harvey is reconciled, but I really think that his parents would make a bigger stink. Good historical value, Kipling is a very enjoyable writer, yes I liked it but the plot had some flaws. I do recommend it though. 
The Andromeda Strain tells the story of a bacteria growth in Piedmont, Arizona. This bacteria kills people in a matter of seconds and killed everyone in the town except for a 69 year old man and a baby. A top secret commission is formed to see how these bacteria kill people and to see how they can be stopped. This book has the makings of a real thriller. I couldn't put the book down through the first 250 pages. However, this book had a dissipointing ending. This book involves a lot of "cool" technology. This book could have taken place today (instead of 1969) because I could visualize a lot of the book. I found myself thinking "Awesome technology" more then I was thinking that Crichton is sure a great author. He seemed to involve a little too much foreshadowing. This book does involve a lot of research and "up-to-date theories" for 1969, but is a little dated today. This does not take anything out of the story. I would recommend this book because it is really interesting. Lots of research went into this book. The book is fast paced and has many modern aspects of a Crichton novel 
Videohound's Cult Flicks and Trash Pics is a book that I consult often. Not only is it informative, but it's very entertaining reading as well. This is a book that any cult movie lover should own. If the names Roger Corman, Lloyd Kaufman, Ray Dennis Steckler, David Lynch, Frank Henenlotter, Jack Hill, Herschel Gordon Lewis, Dario Argento, Paul Bartel, Russ Meyer, Terry Gilliam, Alex Cox, Edward D. Wood, Ken Russell, George Romero and John Waters mean anything to you then you need this book. In addition to reviews of hundreds and hundreds of cult films, the book has lengthy bios of many of the above filmmakers as well as actors and other important cult figures. Plus there are tons of photos, there's a big specific category index to help you find exactly what you're looking for and indexes for actors, directors and writers. One of my favorite features is that nearly every page features a quote from one of the movies featured in the book. This is a great book though it's far from complete. Lots of movie geeks will be able to look through the book and point out any number of movies that were left out. However, for every movie you know of that's not in the book there are probably five that you've never heard of. I recommend Cult Flicks and Trash Pics very highly 
This was the very first Jonathan Kellerman book I had ever read. This is by far the best one he ever wrote. I don't think that I have ever read a book so riveting and suspensful. It's like watching a top notch horror/mystery movie. This has got to be my most favorite book of any by anyone. I still recommend it to people after reading it quite a few years ago now. I give this book a 5++++ star rating 
How can people play the game if they don't know the rules or how to keep score? Open book management means you teach people how business works, you share financials and you reward them for improving the profits of the company. Good solid how to information if you want to set up a profit sharing plan and get people really involved in the success of the company 
Awesome. This book is worth its weight in gold for the insights and understanding it shares. With a professional background in finance, economics and a profound study of the Word of God, the author is well qualified to expose mammon for what it is, and to challenge the reader to a deeper surrender to the only real treasure worth having. Buy two and give a copy away. Can we have a new edition please 
Another incredible read from CJ Box. I'm intrigued in the manner he sets up the future of Joe Pickett in each of his books. I couldn't put this one down 
Really not sure why this book received such good reviews, because it had nothing new. Expected from the cover some reviews of outfits worn by different individuals pictured. Very disappointed ... and any (and all) of the "what not to wear" books are so much better. Oh, Sam, did mention it's better to hand wash cashmere, oh yeah, I already know that. 
The author comes off as a whining, unhappy camper about having to grow up in what he considers a 'stifling' church environment; further apalled by the Church Founder's belief, in that it (the Worlwide Church Of God) was God's True Church through the ages, right on up to the present 'end time'. Feazell spends a good amount of time giving his negative opinions on Herbert W. Armstrong,the Church's actual teachings, and a general trashing and somewhat of a misreprentation of the general denomination as a whole, labeling it a 'cult'...and further damning its Pastor General as a "heretic", despite the Church's humanitarian works, publishing, Colleges and international outreach for world peace over the past seven decades under the leadership of H.W. Armstrong. Since Armstrong's death in 1986, Feazell and his cohort Joseph Tkach Jr. seem to be having a field day jumping up and down on his remains, and writing books on how great it feels to be loosed from having to keep the apostolic Holy Days, sabbaths, ten commandments (which, in his estimation are now the 'ten suggestions') and general lifestyle of this 7th Day Church Of God denomination. Mr. Feazell apparently does not speak for all the Church membership, as over 100,000 members left and formed various smaller independent Church Of God conferences throughout the United States...and continuing the legacy and apostolic, traditional Christian system of worship restored by Herbert W. Armstrong in 1927. Recommended reading: "Autobiography of Herbert W. Armstrong"; "Mystery Of The Ages"; "The Incredible Human Potential" 
The Kite Runner gets off to such a good start, with its blend of history, observations about daily life in Kaboul, and a compelling story of two boys growing up together. The second half goes badly astray, as the novel becomes more and more manipulative and sentimental. By the end of the book, the author is willing to put his characters through all sorts of hell just so he can follow up with a teary reconciliation. I wish an editor had convinced him to tighten it up, stay focused, and resist the urge to tug at the heartstrings with such a heavy hand 
This book provides a good overview of blacks (slave and free) in New York. It's a very good reference (encyclopedic) book. My main problem with it is that Leslie M. Harris, the author, relies heavily (if not entirely) on secondary sources. The book, then, is nothing more than a patchwork of various other more scholarly works. Hence, finding the actual primary source (i.e. court decision, council minutes, etc) proves extremely difficult. I do not recommend this book for advanced students. If, however, you're interested in an easy read and don't care about sources, this is the book for you 
This is the story of Stingo, a 22 y/o aspiring writer in NYC in 1947 who meets a pair of lovers, Sophie and Nathan, at his boarding house and is drawn into their dysfunctional relationship, falling in love with both and witnessing their self-destruction. Nathan is a mentally deranged and drug-addicted genius. Sophie is a haunted Polish survivor of Auschwitz. Her story unfolds as she confides to Nathan the awful truths of her unwillingness to join the Polish resistance, her eventual capture over a small infraction and her heart-destroying choice when she arrives in the camp--she must decide which of her children will live and which will be sent immediately to the gas chamber. While Nathan and Sophie are both fascinating, fully-realized characters with terrible obstacles, Stingo, the narrator, is about as imbecilic a person as ever an author has entrusted his narrative to. Despite his thirty or so years of perspective on the events of '47 which he is relating, he seems to possess little or no wisdom about them, no intriguing viewpoints about his life or his friends' tragedies, and his actions and attitudes at the age of 22 are so immature and superficial as to be almost unbearable. The novel is far too long--it could be nearly cut in half and only benefit. The narrative style is foolishly ponderous, far over-written, especially in the first half. And in the end while the structure of narrator/observer seems like a fine choice in the abstract, the specific narrator and his terrible lack of wisdom only interferes with the heartbreaking story of Nathan and Sophie. In the end, the narrator never even approaches the key question in my mind: why did Sophie so quickly choose Eva to die rather than Jan? A lack of true understanding of what would happen to the girl? A blind panic? A preference for her son, the sort of harmless preference many parents may harbor that is never important because we are never asked to choose? It is this having chosen which seems more than the other tragedies to have really destroyed Sophie, and yet it's glossed over in the narrative. In fact, it's followed by Sophie and Stingo having an endless night of 'fu---ng' as the novel would put it. Really? Almost hard to believe Sophie could get it together to have peremptory sex after her drinking and her terrible revelations. She uses sex to escape with her lover Nathan, but it's hard to imagine this all-night sexcapade Stingo relates. Could it be that Styron only knows how to connect people through sex? How this could be considered one of the greatest American novels of all time is a mystery to me. The potential is there, but only a truly talented, dedicated editor could have rescued the book from itsmany structural and linguistic failures 
Since I am a World's Fair "fanatic" I have read almost everything that I can on the subject. In general, this is an interesting and well researched book. The author has apparently attended most of the expositions that he writes about. However, I must point up three rather glaring errors in the book. In describing the Louisiana World Expo of 1984 he states that the unbuilt symbol tower was supposed to be "80 feet tall,just 150 feet shorter than the Eiffel Tower." Since the Eiffel Tower is actually over 900 feet tall,the New Orleans fair tower would have had to have been at least 800 feet tall.This may have been a typo which the author did not catch in time.The other error states that the US Pavilion at the Brussels World's Fair of 1958 was a "large,squat,round concrete block structure." It was indeed large and round, but not squat and not made of concrete blocks.According to the excellent book about Edward Durrell Stone, the architect of the pavilion,the outer walls consisted of large aluminum panels which were latticed in intricate designs so that the interior would be flooded with natural light. I have seen photos of the US Pavilion, and it seems a beautiful and airy structure to me. (In comparison to the Soviet Pavilion, which resembled a large refrigerator!) Thirdly, the Spokane Expo of 1974 was not the first time that the U.S.S.R. exhibited at a U.S. expo. They had a large pavilion at the New York World's Fair of 1939. All in all, however, I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in the history of World's Fairs 
Thank you Laura Jensen Walker for your tender, touching and humorous insight into the value of our special girlfriends. All women will love reading Girl Time 
The mysterious oriental mirror is ugly, and it has powers that wield themselves on the unexpected. It wreaks havoc and sometimes kills, as is the case with several people in this book. The rest are either thought mad or driven mad. Question: If you could, would you switch places with somebody else in a different time? I think I might, but I would like to be given a choice. Brandy McCabe and her granddaughter Shay Garrett aren't given that choice. Both are 20 years old and about to marry men neither love when the mirror transports them into each other's bodies. Marlys Millhiser has woven a complex and fascinating story of culture shock in which Brandy becomes her granddaughter and Shay becomes her grandmother. Shay is thought crazy in the early 1900s because she can tell the future, and she keeps a diary to tell her grandmother how she has lived out her life should she return to her own body one day. Her story and how she deals with a pre-citified Boulder, Colorado is the most interesting segment of the book, but I didn't feel sorry for Shay as much as I admired her strength of character. She also had her mother's stories of her ancestors to go on, but this was not the case for poor Brandy. The Garrett's and Shay's fiancee' don't know what to do with a pregnant Shay who is terrified and clueless about the year 1978, but they know after discovering the diary that she really is Brandy. The story is often heartbreaking, often times quite funny, and there are so many supporting and unforgettable characters--like the lovable Thora K., Brandy's first mother-in-law and the old man who takes care of Shay when she runs away from her family--that this book is not only compelling, but also makes you think about your own place in this world. What Shay and Brandy do have in common is Rachel, Brandy's daughter and Shay's mother. Now picture those two being in each other's place when you think of that! Somebody here called the book a literary classic; I wouldn't go that far, but it is excellent, regardless. The Mirror is magical storytelling any way you look at it, so let it weave it's spell on you. 
This book provides you with numerous analytical tools that can be used to quantify the strategic decision making process. Not a real page turner but the models are useful and the case analysis provides real world examples of companies entering strategic crossroads. Overall I think it provides the reader with a pragmatic way of managing the abundance of information involved in the strategic decision making process 
Stimulating, compelling primer on the fallacies of naturalistic evolution. In a philosophical wrestling match, Phillip Johnson bends Richard Dawkins into a pretzel and pins his shoulders to the mat in three seconds or less. Macroevolutionary Darwinism is living on borrowed time. Within 50 years it will join the ranks of Geocentric Universe Theories, phlogistons, and phrenologies. A lot of guys with letters after their names are going to have to look for new work, or else be honest enough to convert from their naturalistic religion to a real form of science, that pursues Truth no matter where it leads 
Background I read Isaac's Storm, by Erik Larson, around 1998. Recently I had occasion to thumb through it again which has prompted this review. Larson covered three killer hurricanes, two killer blizzards and one flash flood. Galveston and related Hurricanes My first impression was that anyone who had read this book, about a major hurricane, would never consider riding out such a storm. Larson painted a frightening story of brick homes and brick schools being torn apart by the surging waters. Isaac Cline was the U. S. Weather Service Chief at Galveston at this time. This book gives much detail on the Galveston storm. This hit the island in September 1900, with very little warning. Indeed it was the arrogance of the U. S. Weather Service in general, and Issac Cline, their station chief for this area, in particular, that essentially preempted any warning. "Cline was one of the 'new men', a scientist who believed he knew all there was to know about the motion of clouds and the behavior of storms." First, the U. S. Weather Service refused to pay any attention to any inputs from Cuba. The U. S. Weather Service had men stationed in Cuba who "said the storm was nothing to worry about." Cuban's "own weather observers, who had pioneered hurricane detection, disagreed." Secondly the U. S. Weather Service insisted that, any storm warning had to come from the Washington office, with absolutely no exceptions. Finally Isaac had the conviction, and public position, that no hurricane could ever hit Galveston, as they would be steered north before reaching as far west as Galveston. With such a position Cline had no motivation to try and influence headquarters. Larson cited two older hurricanes in his book. * September 16, 1875 - "The storm raised an immense dome of water and shoved it through Indianola, pushing the waters of the Gulf and Matagorda Bay inland until for 20 miles the back country prairie was an open sea." This storm took 176 lives. * August 20, 1886 - This storm completed the destruction of Indianola. So many residents were killed that the survivors abandoned the town completely. In 1891, "in the wake of a tropical storm that Galveston weathered handily" Cline was asked to appraise the city's vulnerability to extreme weather. Isaac wrote: "The opinion held by some - - - that Galveston at some time will be seriously damaged by some such disturbance is simply an absurd delusion." He made this statement in spite of the fact that the maximum elevation of Galveston Island, at that time, was an almost trivial 8.7 feet above sea level. He made it also in spite of the two killer hurricanes hitting and destroying the town of Indianola, about 150 miles southwest of Galveston on Matagorda Bay. Cline had a "model" of Gulf hurricanes, namely that no hurricane could ever hit Galveston, as they would be steered north before reaching as far west as Galveston. His "model" of these storms was clearly fatally flawed, or politically influenced, and it resulted in 6,000 to 10,000 deaths. Larson suggests there was a "scent of boosterism" behind this article, and that he was writing an article that Galveston promoters would be happy to see. Could this have been a harbinger of things to come? Could Cline have been the first government weather scientist to prostitute himself by writing favorable papers on the weather for his sponsors? Then the storm hit. Both the U. S. Weather Service and Isaac Cline looked very arrogant before the storm, and also in defending their overall performance, after the storm. Other extreme weather events Larson also covered two blizzards and one flash flood in his book in this book. * Hail and flash flood, August 1885 - "a severe downpour near San Angelo, including hailstones the size of ostrich eggs, killed hundreds of cattle and created a flash flood with An escarpment of water that Isaac estimated to be 15 or 20 feet high." * Blizzard, November 1888 - this surprise blizzard destroyed 150 vessels off New England, and caused the death of 450. * Blizzard, January 1899 - "this blizzard swept much of the South. Icebergs 10 feet high flowed down the Mississippi past New Orleans." This storm even hit Galveston and piled snow on it's beaches and drove water out of the Bay into the Gulf exposing portions of the bay bottom. Conclusion Isaac's Storm shows the incredoble wrath of hurricanes, 105 to 125 years ago. It also depicts the incredible spectrum of extreme weather events, also of the same vintage. All in all a most interesting and rewarding book, one that I would recommend highly. 
Because you wait and wait, and then three don't turn up at once 
I've been a Sendak junkie since I was a kid. His books have always been among my very favorites, and I'm happy to say they're among my kids' favorites as well. I also love pop-ups, so I was really excited to learn about this book. And I must say, my expectations have been surpassed. The story line is very simple: a young child looks for his Mommy, encountering various monsters along the way and defeating them in creative ways. There are only a few written words in the book. But the story that the pictures tell is wonderful. What child wouldn't be delighted by a book in which a kid defeats the wolfman by pantsing him? Nosferatu gets a binky! And there's a ton of detail in the pictures as well. My girls like to spend several minutes looking at each page spread. Then there are the pop-ups. This book is really a paper engineering marvel. The pop-up bits are enormously detailed and full of movement. My favorite part is when the boy unwraps the mummy. It's an understatement to say the pop-ups are spectacular. The only reservation at all I have about this book is that my kids will probably love it to death. Like another reviewer, I think I'm going to buy them their own copy and keep one for myself! If you have the least interest in Sendak or pop-ups, or think you might, buy this book 
The original Julie and Romeo was delightful. This book was utter nonsense. A great disapointment. Finished reading it only to find out if it might get better as you went along. It Didn't 
This book has everything from the SSD Executor,to the ISD Avenger,to the Emperor's resurrection.This book is the one you need if you are looking for information on people,planets,starships,fighters,space colonies,EVERYTHING!!!This book is da bomb wit a capital b 
this book hardly has any conversation in it and hardly goes into detail about anything. i didn't even like the story. i would give this book a big fat ZERO if i could!! 
Much repetition and too little of artists neither western nor white...or male for that matter. Though the sections are a lovely idea the same art is used in each. A not terribly risky venture, this 
Elie Wiesel's And The Sea Is Never Full provides the concluding volume of memoirs, relating his meetings with world leaders, his travels, and his diplomatic adventures. Familiarity with Wiesel's importance and his prior memoirs will lend a special appreciation for this concluding volume 
in the possibility that Steve Berry could ever transcend his not-so great debut, The Amber Room. Romanov Prophecy started in the right direction, Third Secret was OK, but I think he hit his *peak* right there. I really want authors to get better--heck, I hope to write better papers as I go along in college. But, Steve Berry, sorry. And for all you people out there who don't like it when people give negative reviews of a book you like, just hang on a second before you give me a big fat NO vote. First of all, even though this is fiction, the whole Da Vinci Code genre purports to be based on fact. Berry always writes his Note at the end to underscore this. However, if you want the reader to accept your plot, please get some basic facts correct first. The most annoying one for me, as, ahem, a French major, is the very dramatic chapter closer where they zip off to the "Palais des Popes." Excuse. Me. "Popes"? Just because the English word looks kind of like the French word "pape" (for pope) doesn't mean you can flippantly swap them! Eek. And, btw, this is a real place, so some editor somewhere should have noticed this. Shame on you, S.B.'s editors. OK, I'm not saying a novel must contain no anachronisms whatsoever (it IS fiction, after all), but really big, glaring mistakes of geography or history cannot be tolerated. The other main issue I have with this book is the vehement attack on Jesus Christ and the resurrection and the Bible as a whole. Cotton Malone, our hero, says that the Bible contains hundreds (I'm paraphrasing) glaring inconsistencies. If I remember correctly, he says that one of the gospels (he picks on Matthew a lot) doesn't place Bethlehem as the place of Jesus' birth. That one doesn't hold water--I checked Matthew myself. Says so in ch. 2. I don't mean to thump the metaphorical Bible, but who is Steve Berry to question the authenticity of the world's #1 bestseller ever? That's quite audacious ... some would even say blasphemous--but I tread on glass. I really can't go into the terrible character development, or lack thereof, or the wussy Knights Templar. Yeah, they're big and bad, but Malone seems to bump them off with the greatest of ease. Some "Knights of Christ" they are. Well, having alienated most of you, I bid you farewell as I go in search of a more worthy book 
I always look to see if an author stands in their truth. If they walk their talk. Dr. Christiane Northrup does. I have read all of her books, Women's Bodies, Women's Wisdom, The Wisdom of Menopause and now Mother-Daughter Wisdom. They all embody her path to well-being and her knowledge on the subject of women's health. In her book Mother-Daughter Wisdom, she shares her own life experiences from raising two daughters and her expertise as a medical doctor and relates them to health and wellness. I find this book to be a great tool and guide to help mothers raise empowered daughters and a model for a healthy mother-daughter relationship. I have three grown daugthers and would have loved to have had this book when they were growing up. I found out through much trial and error how to raise empowered daughters. Dr. Northrup is a pioneer in our time venturing into these unchartered waters of how mothers and daughters can have a balanced and loving relationship. She addresses the many challenges in our society today facing girls and gives suggestions on how to deal with them in a positive way. She talks about mothers caring and nurturing themselves in order to care for their daughter. This book is also a reference book as Dr. Northrup covers from birth to adulthood for the many stages in a mother and daughter's life. Mothers, men, and women without children, would benefit by reading this book to connect with their own legacy with their mother or if raising a daughter. 
Going into the business, I bought this book and found it very helpful. This one as well as "I'm Living Your Dream Life" by Michele Cozzens are well worth the money 
I will be brief: Penroses writing is mediocre, his drawings obfuscate more than clarify. The vast majority of the book is devoted to completely and utterly extraneous topics, and seems to largely be a platform for Penroses new quantum theories. His arguments are unclear, weak and largely dependent on philosphers like Lucas and Searle, while his idea of quantum effects is improbable and surely in the end irrelevant (cannot computers tap into quantum effects?) and his knowledge of computer science deeply, deeply suspect. For example, I quote here from the final sections which actually have something to do with his ostensible reason for writing the book: "Neverthless, one still might imagine some kind of natural selection process being effective for producing approximately valid algorithms. Personally, I find this very hard to believe, however." The entire flourishing, commercially succesful field of evolutionary computing begs to differ here, Mr. Penrose. SUch bonehead errors compells me to point out that this mathematician has no clothes 
A very good and indept look at Andrew Jackson. The author was very thorough including a very good look at early 19th century American. Andrew Jackson's a contraverisal President. On the good side he defeated the British at the amazing Battle of New Orleans, help in expanding into the West, a great soldier, clearly loved his wife Rachel enough to duel to defend her, and was probably the only president who could threaten a state with military force if it tried to leave the Union and tough enough to make it happen. On the flip side his percusion of Indians, the Trail of Tears, his many duels makes him a very complex and sometimes hard to understand person. But still a great biography 
If Tony Hillerman wrote this novel (novella actually), I sure can't tell. I have been a Chee/Leaphorn fan for many years, but this novel is not in the same league with Hillerman's other work. It is reminiscent of a 'B' movie. Instead of building suspense, the plot is laid out all too plainly, the characters are unreal, and the Chee/Bernie romance doesn't ring true. I am amazed that it was published 
There are two things which tickle me about this book. One is the sample Zack's report at the back which has a strong buy #1 rating on a -.3% return on equity stock. The other is the section on practical use of the system. It, of course, is for any type of investor including long term investors even though the effects that the system measures lasts only for 1 - 3 months. And don't forget about growth investors and value investors either. This section is so short as to be laughable. Also notice that in the 2002 A list there were 216 stocks. Most are going to have to buy a subset. But what subset? No info is provided on the performance of typical subsets for each investor class. Perhaps an MVO addict or a Monte Carlo hack would have the answer 
I always need tissues when I read this book! It has helped so much! I teach preschool and one of my students lost his dog. I gave him this book and Dog Heaven. His parents said how much both books helped. It is just so hard for children to understand death. I think this book goes a long way in validating a child's feelings. So often children don't know what to feel, they know grief, but there is so much more than that. It truly helps when children know it's ok to be confused, hurt, and just upset. I HIGHLY recommend this book 
sometimes when you read a book you are expecting to read some details,but a book like this blows the lid off the mother fully. Deborah Santana doesn't hold back at all. she takes you on a journey from her childhood to her teen years with Sly Stone. eventually with her Husband Carlos Santana. you read about a strong Woman who overcame so many obstacles grounded strongly despite some negative forces. a very powerful book that you simply can't put down. Deborah Santana is a Remarkable Soul Sister. this is a Must read book from start to finish. 
All I could think was, "Damn, if I had so many friends at my beck and call to talk me down off the ledge, I'd never be depressed." I don't know quite how to explain it, but I felt no empathy for him. I only ended up feeling more depressed. As a history of depression, the level of research was quite impressive. If you read Prozac Nation and wanted to punch her out, steer clear of this one as well 
As many have stated before me the book starts off with great promise for people who like historical fiction, however midway it turns into a romance novel. I give it 3 stars for holding my attention. A good beach read that can get you thinking (a little) about a time past. The one star is a mistake and I cannot seem to change it. 3 *** stars 
The whole concept of this book as well as the honesty of the undertaking: I'm not buying it. The author's effort is half-a**ed at best. Besides the musings and excessive self-praise, it is downright preachy. Their effort might pass as non-consumerism for New Yorkers, but would never pass in the rest of America. Don't buy it 
This is a very bad book. It is poorly written, the characters are caricatures in misery, and it is almost impossible to develop any empathy for them except for the older daughter, who suffers in silence after the devastating, and, to her, mysterious, death of her mother. Her father fails in both his calling to ministry and his responsiblities to protect his daughter. He is so distant that he believes what teachers tells him about his child's behavior, which is a perfectly legitimate childhood grief response, rather than the bad behavior that others choose to label her with indifference to her deep pain and confusion. He fails in his responsibilities to his parishoners by not realizing that he himself is mired in grief and needs a break. I couldn't finish this. It is drivel 
I found this book very boring. Tyler does a good job on detailing the charictors but I kept waiting for something to happen. Poor Maryam never developed into a person she was so caught up in trying to be a proper American. I will read another of her books since she is so well thought of 
We are so truly lucky to live in an age when something like this is possible! Without existing virtual technologies, compiling a complete collection of the New Yorker would otherwise be a near impossibility due to space considerations, availability, and of course the daunting financial investment. For the price of a modest concert, eighty years of intelligent discourse, satire, observation and fiction are all available. I have nothing negative to say about this; it does what it promises and does it well. It still amazes me that I now have every issue of The New Yorker, and look forward to the continuation of this extraordinary trend of publications releasing the entirety of their output 
This is truly a disappointing book. It starts incredibly slowly and I found it very hard to become interested in the plot. Another disappointment is Koontz's recycling of elements from other novels: (1) plucky, highly intelligent disabled girl (the young female protagonist in "The Hideaway" had almost identical deformities and personality), (2) devoted, super-powered canine companions, (3) bad guys driving around in ultra pimped-out RVs, and (4) evil bioethicists. The Leilani character is patently ridiculous. She conveniently has a genius IQ, but that does not make the absurdly adult manner in which she speaks any more believable. I found it so disconcerting as to detract from the plot. Koontz clearly has trouble writing for children, and this book is no exception. Almost all the children featured in his books are either autistic/MR or genius wunderkinds; the latter, however, does not justify his habit of making smart children talk like genius adults. Dean heaps the hardships on poor Leilani, with all the subtlety of an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. In case you miss the anvils, you are supposed to really, really like her and fear for her safety. I don't know how or where Dean Koontz learned about bioethics, but he has a terribly misguided view of the field, taking an extreme sect of it to represent the main viewpoint of the field. Further, he states multiple times that these eugenic bioethics principles are being taught to medical students at major universities (who will have to pay for their involvement with evil bioethics) -- as a medical student, I can assure you that this is patently untrue. That Koontz could be so off-base on a topic that directly relates to the central motive is disconcerting and makes an already weak book even harder to swallow. The final issue is Koontz's near-deification of dogs, particularly Golden Retrievers, which is a common motif in his more recent works. It is ridiculous and unintentionally funny to an almost painful degree. His obsession with dogs and their mystical powers borders on the psychotic (and I like dogs). This novel probably features the most egregious example of Koontz's tendency to create overly sappy, sugary-sweet endings. Dean Koontz has written many books better than this one. Spend your money on one of his stronger efforts 
I've read this book four times through the years since I first bought it. The love between the two main characters, though a forbidden love, is so beautiful and magical it made me cry for Meggy and Father Ralph. Not only is this an unforgettable love story, it's also a great education about sheep farming in Australia. Magnificent description of a then harsh land. The dialogue is believable, the characters so very real ... I didn't simply read this book, I experienced it. When the characters laughed, I laughed, and when they cried, my heart broke for them. Poor little Meggy ... poor father Ralph. How bittersweet and memorable. I really can't get over the quality of this book and the sensitivity of the author. Review by Betty Dravis, author of a new epic love story, 1106 GRAND BOULEVAR 
Disarming Iraq is Hans Blix's thought-provoking and historically-important memoir of the few but critical months leading up to the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, during which he tried to paint a clear picture -- for the UN and the world -- of his inspection team's findings, claiming no need for urgency and lobbying for diplomacy. The polarized atmosphere was palpably tense: while the U.S., the UK and Spain insisted that Iraq was not responding to inspections, France, Germany and Russia asserted with equal force that the inspection program had never been fully explored. Parting the raging waters (for a few weeks, anyway) was the quintessential diplomat Hans Blix. As it reads, he was too diplomatic, unwilling to state his results confidently for fear that it might drive UN policy. It didn?t help that he had a few doubts of his own; that in spite of not finding any smoking guns in terms of banned weapons, he still sensed that Iraq was playing a cat-and-mouse game. Either the regime's odd narcissism allowed it to believe that it did not have to comply with the UN, or it was hiding something. Either way, Blix's hesitation was enough to set the stage for Colin Powell's historic February 5, 2003 presentation of evidence of WMD?s in Iraq, which was more or less the proverbial point of no return. Apparently, what Mr. Blix was trying to tell us -- before he was drowned out by the noisy din of a fearful and overzealous media -- is now common knowledge about WMD?s in Iraq: Blix's commission failed to find anything not because the Iraqis succeeded at hiding the weapons, moving them ahead of inspections, but because the weapons really weren?t there. Iraq had disarmed at the end of the Gulf War in 1991, just as they?d claimed. The UN inspection program had worked -- without knowing it. So how did the war move forward under false pretenses? According to Blix, a deficit of critical thinking was to blame. He speculates that our Congress would never affirm the use of force merely to end a reign of terror (even though Blix himself wishes for a UN resolution against brutal dictatorships). The Bush administration had to justify war in Iraq by linking it to terror, and since there was no real link, it had to capitalize on the theoretical link of Iraq's weapons of mass destruction. This is as far as his speculation goes. Where the phrase military industrial complex would seem most natural and expected -- followed by a salacious tell-all about Bush, Cheney and nefarious links to Saudi oil -- Blix cleverly sidesteps the issue of America's impatient itch for war by feigning ignorance. Giving Blix the benefit of the doubt, perhaps he prefers to be thought of as naive and not sensational. Needless to say, Dr. David Kelly's death (the British scientist who leaked to the BBC that the British government had sexed up a document alleging Iraq's nuclear capabilities) was an unfortunate suicide -- and not the work of a shadow government. (The entire document, by the way, turned out to be a forgery.) At least Blix observed the horse trading (intense economic and diplomatic pressures) our government used to obtain votes from other countries -- votes needed to pass the UN resolution authorizing the use of force -- as well as he disapproved the Bush administration?s spying on UN delegations while on their diplomatic visits to New York. Blix had other objections to U.S.-led efforts, but they are all based on facts and evidence, and are in defense of IAEA (a previous inspection organization, also headed by Blix) and UNMOVIC (the UN's Monitoring, Verification, and Inspection Commission). Interestingly, the largest setback to diplomacy was related to a 167-page cluster document released by Blix in early March of 2003, which summarized all the inspections for the three preceding months. Unfortunately for France and Germany, American and British members of UNMOVIC leaked pre-release draft copies of the document. In other words, France and Germany had much less time to prepare their official reactions to the cluster document than their British and American counterparts. Their positions, in favor of renewed inspections, were not as compelling. While Blix?s passion is definitely enough to carry his memoirs, one can easily see why it was so difficult for Americans to take Mr. Blix seriously: he lacks that forcible personality that commands respect. Even so, he is gifted with an even temperament, a good sense of humor, and a deeply-imbued sense of integrity, all important qualities for diplomacy. Although he may have been the only individual capable of peaceably bridging the large gap between the UN and Iraq, in retrospect it may have been asking too much from some of our leaders to match Blix?s diplomatic efforts in their reasonableness and patience 
Spend your money elsewhere. For someone who supposedly lives in the vicinity of Yellowstone he knows and sees little. To anyone who steps outside of the sealed up world of their car and even casually looks, the senses are all brought to life with sights sounds, smells, temperatures, textures and colors. Cahill does not inform. He is not even a very good writer, for if he were, he'd do the same thing I did, huck the book into the trash. Go to Yellowstone yourself and hang out the windows of your car and even that simple pleasure will tell you how inadequate this book really is. 
I was not impressed with this book. It is just basic stuff. I would have expected a more sophisticated analyis of financials from this publisher 
The first book in NR's 'Born In' series is wonderful, you don't want to miss it! Born In Fire focuses on Maggie Concannon, a tempermental and loyal woman who is also a gifted artist. Gallery owner Rogan Sweeney takes an interest in Maggie's fabulous glass creations, and soon after takes a personal interest in Maggie herself. Maggie is a wonderful character, stubborn and flawed, yet still caring. Nora does a fabulous job of developing Maggie, and does it in a way that she seems like a real person. Rogan is an extremely likeable hero. Maggie's sister, Brianna, is her complete opposite; quiet, sweet, and calm. The relationship between the two sisters, however, is very touching and very real. This book is full of colourful characters, some we love and some we hate. The romance between Rogan and Maggie is wonderful. Basically, I just can't say enough good things about this book. You will love it 
I felt this book was reasonably priced and offered a wide array of helpful fundraising advice -- especially for the small to mid-sized nonprofit. It covers a lot of the basics in a writing style that is pleasant to read 
This is probably the single best work I've ever seen on the science of packing. Joe Back lived and worked in N.W. Wyoming, and was a legend in the area. His humorous annecdotes, and extremely accurate hand drawn diagrams, combined with his obvious knowledge of the subject, make this a must have for anyone seriously interested in learning how to pack horses or mules, and survive. This little work deserves a place in any packer's library 
This book brings some of the items one read about in history classes to a more 'back channel' perspective. Monroe Doctrine and the like are the opening situations, and instead of 'we put a blockade on German ship' it goes it to some of the things that happened to stop a war from breaking out 
If you wish to improve the Quality of your software development, this book is worth reading, studying, and questioning. It realy does not tell you how or why to improve, but suggest processes and measures that you need to concider if you are already commited to better software 
I have been a huge fan of the Anna Pigeon mysteries. The hard truth about Hard Truth is skip it. It is a very unpleasant experience. The graphic representation of child abuse and cruelty in this book still makes me ill. What I've loved about the Anna Pigeon series is that I felt like I got a good sense of the national park where the story took place with an appreciation for the natural beauty of the area. I doubt Anna spent more than a night in Rocky Mountain National Park. Not only does she completely miss the unique character of the park but the park has no necessary link to the story. The whole thing could have taken place in urban Chicago. I have been picking up Nevada Barr books as fast as I could find them. This book, however, was truely repulsive. I'll be much more cautious about investing a part of my life in her next book 
Masterfully thought out written. Not your usual supernatural, horror King story. Written in 4-5 completely different chapters there is some supernatural, but it begins as a story of some friends in childhood, follows them through the years culminates with them as adults. Each chapter is completely different yet ties some characters in. At the end they are all tied together in some ways years later. It's ingenious in it's finale and I advise you set aside some time for reading. It's very difficult to put down. Once it grabs your interest, it just sucks you into the story. If you remember your childhood friends (we all do) you'll identify with the story 
I've read only a few of Hillerman's previous Leaphorn/Chee novels. I've enjoyed what I've rtead, though they are an acquired taste, and I don't indulge in them very often. I tend to enjoy the earlier, more active years of Joe Leaphorn more interesting than his ' semi-retired unofficial advisor to Jim Chee' phase. From what I gather, 'Skeleton Man' continues a recent trend of disappointment with Hillerman's last few novels. Even without having read the books immediately prior to this one, I can understand that sentiment. 'Skeleton Man' starts off with a rather risky premise, tying the story in with the real life collision over the Grand Canyon in 1956. While an author can occasionally pull off a good story with a strong connection to 'real life'(See Nelson De Mille's 'Night Fall'), Hillerman fails here. The story is bogged down with bland and unlikable supporting characters, flimsy motivation, and very little that could really be called 'action'. Chee ends up joining Leaphorn in the background for much of the story. The spiritual and ritualistic aspects of Hillerman's earlier books are, for the most part, glossed over here. Even what should have been a major plot development (Chee's wedding) is overshadowed by Chee have to rescue Manuelito, in the manner of far too many contrived 'Superman rescues Lois' situations. Better to stick with Hillerman's earlier novels. The 'aging athlete past his prime' analogy suits Hillerman, I'm afraid 
King did an excellent job keeping you guessing in this one. There were some areas that could have been condensed and were sometimes confusing. For the most part, not bad. Would make a good movie 
This novel of a 17th century samurai's odyssey to Europe starts as a very straightforward story and rather continues that way, but towards the end, Endo does get in a few good points. The style is somewhat pedantic and staid, but easy to read. It's certainly not a zen classic and the story never really gets off the ground or totally convinces. The historical backdrops are paper thin and obvious cut-and-pastes from history textbooks. I must admit I am somewhat baffled by all the rave reviews here. I can only conclude that a lot of people who don't really have much experience of Japan, think they've stumbled upon some sort of motherlode of bushido spirit in this conveniantly Westernized piece of writing by a Japanesese Christian. Remember, not every Japanese woman is a geisha, and not every Japanese writer can wield his pen like a samurai's sword 
The book THE LOST CONTINENT is an amazing captivating read. Bryson is truly brilliant in his descriptions. This CD totally KILLS that. First of all the narrator reads at a mile a minute, sometimes to the point where you can't understand him. And second, they abridged the CRAP out of it, cutting some of the most interesting commentary and actually cutting the entire SECOND HALF of the book! While the book is amazing, this particular recording of it should be avoided at all costs 
...essentially you get what you pay for. This book is certanly NOT representative of what I have come to expect from National Geographic. I had eagerly anticipated the arrival of my book, but was dissappointed to find within the first few pages that it is uninspiring at best. Most of the pictures are poorly executed and at times seem amateurish. In the past I've found photographs by professionals like Steve McCurry ('Portraits')visually arresting. Not so here. At least it only cost me $20 oredering from Amazon. If I had been able to preview it beforehand, I would not have thought it worth even the discounted price 
While reading this book I found the details of some cases to be unbelievable. Also, the "photographs" of the murderers and detectives all looked fuzzy and more like drawings. I've read a lot of true crime and never heard of catching a murderer because he breathed his asthma medication on the murder victim's hair. Or because they chemically deduced which cologne he wore. And who leaves their backdoor open when they know a violent Doberman Pinscher has been getting through their backyard fence? Sure, just let that dog on in. And whose place of employment has a record of all employee's blood "groups" (not their TYPES, just their GROUPS), when the employee doesn't even know HIMSELF what group he is? Then I read the introduction, which I always skip, and found out this book is FICTION, not true crime as the cover announced and in which section it was in in the book store. As FICTION, it's okay, (I prefer Agatha Christie), but I don't believe the forensic work in this book is even based on any fact. So read it for entertainment, but don't be so gullible as to believe any of it 
As a health writer, I know that pharmaceuticals can be very dangerous compounds. But for years, I overlooked the fact that drugs aren't good for pets either. Your cat can probably benefit from safer alternative treatments. Martin Zucker has put together a wonderful book with top veterinarians. Don't keep alternative and holistic treatments to yourself -- share them with your pet 
i wonder if im reading the same book the others are reading. i'm on page 101 right now and it took me about 4 days to get this far. (i've gone through 3 clique books in a day, so it's not like i'm a slow reader) the book is just so boring. its like ive read all of this cr@p before! so far sam had a graduation party at her dad's yacht, we hear about 2 new characters from a rival school who happen to be enemies of sam and her group and conveniently enough the two schools do something together, i forget what but it looks like it will be the opportunity for sam to get her revenge for getting poop smeared on her white jeans a few years back (eye-roll). anna is incapable of taking care of herself at a time of crisis (her car gets rear ended by some cliche white trash woman) so her dad's 'dont judge a book by the cover cliche' tatooed but hot new intern comes to rescue her, omg romance! (another eye roll) ben is being a troll my guess is hes cheating on her, but seriously reading that chapter where they go on this really uncomfortable date just made me want to scream at the book! it was so annoying. the only thing keeping me reading right now is the cammie storyline, i want her to confront her dad and find out what happened to her mom. right now im giving the book 2 stars, after i finish the book (if i ever do) ill come back and edit this. if anyone wants to take me out of my misery and tell me what happened to cammies mom, be my guest! lol ***EDIT*** it got a lot better after page 101, the Sam plot got developed (a bit overdone, tacky and stalkerish, i mean a life size cut out? a 100 cell phones? come on, what a waste of money. she could have donated all that $$$ to some charity in peru and impressed her guy a lot more. the cammie story is getting juicier, and parker may have a bona fide crush on sam. i still think ben is a creep. well i guess i wont spoiler everything lol. i'm still not done yet. ill continue this after i finish. ***FINAL EDIT*** after a good middle, the book took a nosedive. the story of cammie's mother was horribly disappointing. i officially HATE ben now and im getting more and more sick of anna for even being into him. what kind of guy tries to make a girl feel weird and uptight for thinking that sex between two people should be special??? that just really turned me off. the girl who wins a contest by wearing nothing but body paint to the party?? okay, this is a book that 12 year olds read, did we seriously need to hear that? the best way to get liked is to get naked? sigh... the two stars rating stands. sorry 
Patton describes qualitative research design and data collection methods in a way that even the novice researcher can easily understand and utilize. 
I came into this book expecting one thing. After the first part, Perhaps an Accident, my expectations had completely altered. As I read through the second part, Marquesa de Montemeyor, my expectations were slowly changing even more. By the beginning of the third part, Esteban, my expectations had transformed so much they were hardly recognizable. I came into it expecting a novel about a man of religion's struggle with faith. By the first few pages I came to realize it had much more of a non-fiction lean, at this point I was scared of being bored. As I started to read part two I began to realize it wasn't about this Brother Juniper at all but the people in the accident. Throughout parts of the first chapter I have to admit I did feel bored, but near the end it caught fire and I was wowed by the first part's finish. This reinvested my firm belief that the ending of a short story will completely redeem it, for that's what each part was: a short story telling the complete life of one of the victims in the accident of the bridge. The story of Thornton Wilder's Pulitzer Prize winner is that a bridge (the finest bridge in all of Peru) snapped and five travelers fell to their death. Brother Jupiter decided to use this accident to prove that it was God's will. This man found it more difficult than he expected discovering an ambiguity in life that he had not seen. Basically the novel to me is detailing the complexity and mystery of life. I would say the way The Bridge of San Luis Rey was written was, generally, not exceptionally appealing to me. It was told almost exactly like a textbook account of the events. Using this method though, there were dazzling moments when the book flowed like poetry. The book also seemed slightly tedious at times. Certain sections were difficult to get through but as I pressed on I felt a certain gratification, in knowing that I was being shown snapshots of life that were almost as real as they get. Despite these downfalls (which had their upshots as well), the meaning of the book made it for me. The characters were all taken on spiritual journeys and though each story ended in death, which was a death too early for all of them, there was a certain bittersweet happiness in their soulful accomplishments. In total I would suggest the Bridge of San Luis Rey but only if you're willing to fully concentrate whenever you pick this book up. It can be a beautiful book but only if first acknowledged as a tough book 
This is the best Rich Dad book to date. The book is filled with priceless information that 90% of people in the U.S.(particularly baby-boomers) are clueless about today. Most Rich Dad fans will know that Kiyosaki's books tend to talk about the same general principles and don't touch on many new and groundbreaking concepts. This book, however, is the exception. I learned so many eye-opening things from this masterpiece. It has truly changed my life and the way I look at money. Do yourself a favor and BUY THIS BOOK. 
after get shorty, e.l. might just wish shamelessly that his next book with those same chili palmer characters might hit the goldmine and pay dirt and being bought up by the dumb hollywood producers and made into another movie again, with this single-minded purpose focused, e.l. wrote this totally unnecessary sequel to get shorty. and he was right again, it was bought and made into a movie again, but pathetically, a horrible one compared to get shorty. the novel itself was also a complete failure with so many obvious evidences that e.l. indeed wrote it in a way for another movie in mind. i simply failed to find there's any interest in reading this going nowhere story. it just like reading a double imaged e.l. personified in chili palmer and lobbying so hard to make this novel into a movie, with all the bore-to-death script, dialogue readymade for hollywood to grap. how could you imagine that those winnos in los angeles, especially those who in the hiphop music biz would watch 'charlie rose' and would have known and recognized chili palmer as the producer of 'get shorty'? you think those people would faithfully turned on their tv and channel surfed to pbs to watch 'charlie rose'? and at every corner of los angeles, every table in any restaurant, almost everyone would recognize 'chili palmer'? and you have to ask yourself: since when people would recognize a behind-the-screen movie producer, even a director in person? even they stand in front of you and claim themselves they are? yeah, maybe elmore leonard would watch 'charlie rose' regularly? and you think that charlie rose would interview a notorious shylock in his show? give me a break! this book, from the 1st page to the last was an absolutely no-brainer, so shallow and so superficious! just a total unnecessary and unwanted cash-in 
Not sure this is the book to study for the PMP. Agree that its missing the tools techniques and concepts but he made it clear up front he was not going into it. Also, the intergration knowledge area is missing. I think if he went into the format of the exam , it would really serve its purpose better. Read this after you have read the PMBOK and another REAL PMP EXAM prep book! This is great to read the day before for leisure with no pressure 
My husband has a theory that Danielle Steel has a dart board and each circle surrounding the center is labeled either, falls in love, loses family member, has death of loved-one,fights for life of herself or loved one, loses partner,business or spouse. He feels when she is at a loss she justs throws off a dart and whatever she hits becomes the outline for her next book. I have been a loyal fan for many many years and take his kidding with a smile and secretly pray he's not right. This book proved me wrong and he was right all these years. It was so obvious from the first few pages what was happening that I was certain I had read this story before somewhere. After having waited long time to get this book from my local library I was so disappointed that it was so poorly written and so badly not thought through I couldn't even read it completely, but skipped sections to finish it, knowing what was going to happen before I got to it. 
Suzanne Brockmann is an unbelievable writer and her stories always draw me in. The "mystery" portion of the story and the romance between Jane and Cosmo left a little to be desired. I really didn't understand why Jane had to have her alternative personality as Mercedes and Cosmo was a little to soft for keeping up the hardened SEAL persona. These particular characters seemed a bit empty compared to Jules and Robin, who clearly stole the show in this book. As a matter of fact, of the different plots and stories going on in this book, Jules' was the best. It was not only very well-written and sweet, but even as a hetrosexual female, I could identify with Jules and how he felt at times because what was happening to him, happens to all of us, whether you are in a gay or straight relationship. I am really hoping that Jules either gets his own book, or has more appearances in future novels where he does find true happiness. I do share Ms. Brockmann's opinion when it comes to differences in appearance, nationality, sexual orientation, etc. and I really like how she includes this in her books. As far as I'm concerned love is love, no matter what and it's portrayed beautifully here. Please Ms. Brockmann, don't allow the naysayers to steer you away from this storyline, it's a very good one 
As one of America's greatest presidents, Ronald Reagan will certainly be studied by historians for years to come and, like Abraham Lincoln he will likely be revered and discussed by people of all nationalities for many generations. This book and his earlier autobiography, Where's the Rest of Me, will surely be the touch stones for any such inquiries and discussions. This work, An American Life, however, will be of primary importance since it addresses his entire life and political career rather than simply the earlier part of his life, during which time he was primarily a sportscaster and actor. For anyone who had the pleasure of listening to Reagan's political commentaries on the radio, or hearing him speak as Governor of California or as President of the United States, the book will be particularly enjoyable; for it is written in the easy-going conversational style that Reagan used in life. What makes the book even more interesting is that you can not only catch a glimpse of the country into which Ronald Reagan was born but also see how that country was transformed into the nation as we know it today. You may also observe that the problems of Reagan's day are not much different than those we face today. I would highly recommend this book to anyone seeking to understand Ronald Reagan, how his many faceted character was formed, the inner workings of his mind, and the actions which led to his monumental achievements. In my view, it would benefit the country greatly if this book was made to be required reading for every American child. 
I highly recommend this book. It has changed the way I look at life and spirituality. Nearly every line in the book is filled with profound meaning. Additonally, the style is clear and the ideas accessible for anyone who is truly interested in spiritual fulfillment. I am at greater peace with the world since having read this book. 
I am a chef and an avid collector of cookbooks. I find the recipes of this book to be mediocre at best, terribly organized and lengthy. I am not interested in Lawson's endless anecdotes, rather, I would prefer her stories to be replaces by pictures (an essential for cooking books, in my opinion), of which there are none. I was disappointed, and would not recommend this book to anyone. For basic, great recipes, I would suggest any of Ina Garten's books. Her recipes are no-fail and the books are well done. 
John Tyree is a soldier first, a man second. Or so he thinks until he meets Savannah Lynn Curtis. While on leave, he falls desperately in love with Savannah, the proverbial girl of his dreams. Sweet, intelligent, and giving, John knows he'll always carry her torch. When September 11 changes the world, John is no exception. Moved by patriotic loyalty, he chooses to "re-up" in the army, adding time to his service and breaking his promise to return to Savannah. More promises are broken when he must attending to his ailing father. This is the story of how an ideal love can falter, despite its purity and strength. Not every romance results in a happy ending, but with a great deal of luck, those who don't survive will find meaning from the experience. Love, loyalty, friendship--all those sentiments are great, but to what cost? And how does this make a good man great? This is John's journey to that understanding. It goes without saying that Nicholas Sparks is one of today's "master" storytellers. Part of what makes him so successful is that he has the ability to create moving stories without pulling punches or painful twists. Such is the case in DEAR JOHN. Sparks offers a love story that has all the requisite components--well-crafted setting, high emotion, obstacles, resolution--then breaks it. It is from the sadness that hope emerges, and John Tyree, although still quite young, gains wisdom that will last a lifetime. Sorrow will be a large part of this, yes, but there is room for something more, something that will reach beyond the pages and touch John's tomorrow in a way only he will see. While this works, there is something lacking. It is one of those hard-to-define qualities that marks the difference between a good book and one that is outstanding. Maybe it's the heavy reliance on John's soldiering as an excuse for certain behaviors. Or perhaps it has more to do with aspects relating to John's relationship with his father, who appears to have Asperger's syndrome. I'm giving DEAR JOHN 4-Books for a beautiful story, but not five because of that indefinable element that was lost between idea and paper. Reviewed by Christina Wantz Fixemer 11/22/2006 
I was so excited when I initially bought this book and honestly, when I read it I was disappointed. I thought it was a bit dry and boring to read through, despite the useful tips. Although the authors try hard, they really don't convey the spirit and fun that college life has to offer 
As an overweight, stressed-out, 40-something professional, I am thrilled to find this book! The SPARK is exactly what I needed to get my body moving again. I am one of those who had fallen for the 1-hour a day exercise trap, and if I didn't have an hour, which I usually don't, I just didn't exercise. I love doing my three to four SPARKS a day, knowing I am doing my body far more good than waiting for that elusive day when I can fit in 45 minutes or more for my workout. This is a wonderful concept, and so doable! It's working!! Thank you 
I bought the book on the basis of the reviews and on a quick read of a copy a friend owned. It looks really good on the surface and does have a lot of useful information. One problem I found is that many of the example photos seem to be inserted only to increase the photo count. Also, because of printing limitations, I find it very difficult to see the differences between before and after examples. I have edited this review to fix an error. However, I can not figure out how to change my rating from 2 stars to 4 stars. Consider this a 4 star review. 
This is my favorite kid's book--and I've read a lot of books to my four-year-old! The illustrations are simply wonderful and the story is great. It just begs you to use funny voices as you read. I buy it as a gift for every birthday party 
I enjoyed this book. It focuses mainly on Franklin's time abroad in England and France and gives an overview on who Franklin was and how he interacted on the world stage during the revolutionary period. I believe it's very accessible and would be a good starting place for anyone interested in Franklin's life. He's funny 
This story was about a young brother trying to make it in life. I have to admit that I was excited to read this book, and it let me down. I didn't like how Bobby let Pearl walk all over him. I don't think Bobby Dallas was portrayed as a "Do Right Man" at all, but rather a wimp. During the first half of the book, I waited for him to get a back bone, which he never did. From there on the whole story was slow. I was bored about continually reading about him and his radio job. This was a slow read for me, I skipped a few chapters just so I could find out what finally happened in the end 
I own perhaps 20 books on the Bird's and this is one of the worse. Mostly because the material is so poorly organized; no real attempt is made to sort through the (admittedly tangled) move orders/motifs/variations in this opening. Also, the author seems to have a 'bad attitude' even though he plays the opening and has several examples in the book. The section on the Leningrad Dutch-Reversed is better than the others but still lifeless. The entire Everyman opening series has deteriorated a great deal the past two years and I'm about done buying any new ones, especially if they are as bad as Bird's Opening. 
this book was very disappointing. i LOVED her 1st two books. so when this book came out i was very excited. after reading it, i found it was rather dull and not very funny. there were very few parts that actually made me laugh, unlike her 1st two books 
While I did find the book informative and a good supplement to Robert Sobel's The Great Bull Market: Wall Street in the 1920s, Galbraith interjects his sarcastic view of the participants in the 1920s Bull Market way too much. This makes parts of the book extremely difficult to read. While I persevered to the end, I fouynd Sobel's account as informative and much more enjoyable to read 
i bought this cookbook due to the introductory price I received and have loved every recipe I have tried. Many of the recipies are heart healthy and I have found those to be tasty and easy to prepare. Good luck and good cooking 
THE BAND: James Hetfield (lead vocals, guitar), Kirk Hammett (guitars), Lars Ulrich (drums percussion), and new member Jason Newsted (bass) formerly of Flotsam And Jetsam (replacing Cliff Burton, R.I.P.). THE DISC: (1988) 9 tracks clocking in at approximately 65 minutes. Included with the disc is a 10-page booklet containing song titles/credits, song lyrics, band pictures, one 'gavel' drawing containing band member faces, and thank you's. This is Metallica's 4th studio album. All songs written by Hetfield, Hammett, Ulrich and/or Newsted. Recorded at One On One Studios, Los Angeles, CA. This would be Flemming Rasmussen's last album produced with the band (Bob Rock would follow). The Japanese (import) version contains a bonus track - a Diamond Head cover, "The Prince". Label - Elektra. COMMENTS: "...And Justice For All" was the last classic Metallica album of the 80's. It was also their final attempt at thrash metal (once the 90's rolled around and producer Bob Rock entered the picture, the band took a more "mainstream" metal approach). The majority of songs are long with complex riffs... borderline progressive. Let me first say that for years, this disc sat on my shelf. I thought it was over-produced; I didn't like Ulrich's snare drum (sounded cheap and tinny) or his double bass (sounded shallow and metallic - partly due to a coin taped to the drum skin where the foot pedal hit); Newsted's bass was nonexistent (the standard explanation for this combines Newsted's absence from the mixing sessions where he could have voiced his opinion, and the lingering issue of his "newness" within the band following the death of Burton); there were three songs that I just could not get into ("Eye Of The Beholder", "The Shortest Straw" and lightning fast "Dyers Eve"); and the articles I read about the 3 original band members hazing and not accepting newcomer Newsted was infuriating... call if fun, call it pranks, call it cruel - Newsted simply did not deserve this kind of treatment. Newsted (or anyone else who took the job) had two choices - put up with the crap or leave. From the outside looking in, Burton's loss was tragic, but the way Hetfield/Ulrich/Hammett handled the situation afterwards seemed uncalled for. As far as "...And Justice For All" is concerned though, it's taken a decade to grow on me and finally realize there are some brilliant songs here. In my opinion, "One" is one of Metallica's finest songs in their entire catalog. "One" has an awesome slow beginning, tells a great story of an injured soldier, and ends in fine metal thrash form (not to mention one of the more memorable MTV videos)... all in all featuring great guitar work (intro, rhythm and solos). "Blackened" is an underrated gem of an opener. "To Live Is To Die" is the other masterpiece (almost 10 minutes long) - riffs and spoken words written by Cliff Burton (his last written testament) - this song has great riffs and 7 minutes of jamming before any vocals... reminiscent of something taken right off "Master Of Puppets". The title track also resembles something from "Puppets". "...And Justice For All" chart success - hitting #6 on Billboard's "Top 200 Albums" from 1988, as well as the song "One" hitting #35 on Billboard's Hot 100. There's good and bad here... this album is still considered a classic and essential. If not only for the songs "One", "Blackened" and "To Live Is To Die" (4 stars). 
Once again John Patterson has created a master thriller in the Alex Cross series. Character development is well done as is the plot line. One can't help but be drawn into the story and feeling the tension. This is another winner 
This book is not only interesting but gives a great deal of insight into life on "death row," at least in the state of Mississippi, and the appeals process involved with stays of execution and commutation of sentences. It touches on activities of the Ku Klux Klan. It was my impression that the author leans toward those who favor the abolition of the death penalty. However, some sympathy is found for the victims of crime. The story centers on Sam Cayhall who is sentenced to death after several trials over a number of years following the crime. Sam's grandson becomes his attorney during the last months of appeal from "death row." The latter part of the book leaves one wondering whether or not there will be an execution. Meanwhile Sam shows repentance and response to the prison's chaplain. I found it to be one of the better John Grisham books. 
This book was the best financial planning book I have ever read. It had real life situations that helped out alot. I didn't realize how much in debt I was until I read this. I didn't have a problem with making payments and even paying extra on them. But I never planned for a disaster or loss of a job. If you spend a couple of years paying off your debt, that is years of happiness just knowing you don't others money. This book helped me realize this. Thank You Larry Burkett for this and all of your other books, God was really with you during your writting 
I was at the SFMOMA to see her YES exhibition, and exactly what I expected, I was overwhelmed with delight... Her art is whimsically amazing. Her music touches your heart and soul. Seeing all the people there that day, I was glad that Yoko is finally getting all the respect she deserves, after all these years... Also caught her live performance at the Los Angeles's Roxy almost 6 years ago just took my breath away. I truly think she's one of the true visionaries of our time 
This book is a great thing to have for anyone involved in the world of theatre. It does the hard work of picking out a crucial 16-bar piece of a song for you! Great for auditions. The book has selections from musicals (old and new, familiar and rare), as well as movies (even some Disney!). There's one for every vocal part. Granted, not every piece is exactly 16 bars. Some go a bit over, but this is usually excusable due to proper phrasing. It's well worth looking into for those who are just starting out. It's also a way of introducing yourself to a variety of musicals 
I am supposed to get 16th edition, instead I received 15th edition. The book was completely changed from the previuos editio 
I picked up this book looking at the cover trying to figure out his picture. I then looked at the titleee and it clicked. I read this for school and it wasn't hard to finish it because it amazed me with what everything really was. Usually I read fiction books that have diseases or disorders in them. I figured that there should be some explaination for me. It wasnt hard to follow. Also everything was explained very well. I didn't have any real background other than the fictions books that you really couldn't go by 
I was recommended Borges' works by one of his innumerable over-educated sycophants and I will never forget the tremendous time I wasted attempting to grasp the supposed value of his life's work (when I should have been writing my dissertation). Each time I read one of his pedantic, mediocre peices of short fiction, I was convinced by these elite book review troglodytes that I would like other examples of his work if I continued reading since all of his stories are so unique. I found the exact opposite to be true. One story after another about mazes, mirrors, mystical mathematical formulas and books, books, books. The ideas were transperant, the language boring in the extreme. His poetry is trite. Who needs this? Borges reads like a petulant graduate student at University of Chicago who failed repeatedly to get his/her short fiction published in _The Atlantic Monthly_. Particularly among academics, literary elites and like people, many seem to cite Borges and worship his genius more than read him--and certaintly _no one_ reads him critically. I read most of his work, and I can tell you, outside of a few interesting turns of phrase, you'd be better off reading a Yale dissertation on the semiotics of self-superiority. People incessantly talk about how imaginative Borges is. The vast majority of popular SF and fantasy writers are more imaginative. Even many of the despicable magical realist geniuses make Borges look rather plain. Borges merely litters his works with elite literary references and a kind of faculty cocktail party wit to make it more palatable to the kind of people who never step foot out of Manhattan or Cambridge. If you're this kind of pompous fellow, you'll want to sleep every night with a portrait of Luis by your side and a series of mirrors, as it were, slowly attempting to seek some kind of trans-substantiation with this benighted old librarian. If you're the kind of person who prefers reading about interesting characters, enjoying nuanced use of language, and grasping subtle, daring ideas that transcend purile academic banter, run far, far away from Jorge Luis Borges. Even top authors from all over the world and every historical period get bad reviews. The adulation of Borges merely underlines the fact that this is more about a cult of personality among (those who think themselves) intellectual elites than a serious attempt to evaluate his fiction. I think his fiction is better considered a kind of academic experiment, relegated to quirky local fiction publications and coffee house poetry slams, and not an example of literary genius. In that sense, 30min spent on one of his short stories gets you the drift of his entire body of work, and that's about as much attention as he deserves 
I read this book five years ago, when I was a manager leading a small company about 15 people. I honour management style that respect human nature. Deming's priciples presented in this book give me a systematic insight of the principles based on mutual trusting and respect. I used his approach -- our company makes good profit -- and more important, all the staff enjoy working in our company 
I was disappointed with this purchase. If you read the book jacket, you have gotten about all of the information out of it that's coming. 
I love to browse through different cookbooks. I have quite a collection, and usually go to the library to find new recipes to try before I decide to purchase the entire book. I normally look for 3 things in a cookbook, besides delicious recipes that will work for my family. This includes: 1) Pictures of more than 3/4 of the recipes (Color pictures are the best) 2) A spiral binding, or at least one that easily lays flat 3) New innovative recipes that have ingredients I can easily find at a grocery store I also prefer if the cookbook lists all of the nutrient information including sodium, fat content, protein, fiber, and carbohydrates. I picked up this book to find new ideas to make a quick meal in-between working and shuffling the kids to various sporting and school events. Let's face it, eating out isn't always the best for you, especially since you cannot always tell exactly how much fat or sodium you are ingesting. I wanted some new recipes to try, but not necessarily a dish that would have my kids eyeing it suspiciously and saying "what is it?". I was not disappointed. The book offered many beautiful color photographs, and the pages themselves were glossy and thick...not the cheaper paper that many cookbooks use. All of the nutrient information was included, along with a column called "Nutrient Bonus" that lets you know if the dish contained a lot of Vitamin C, Calcium, etc. The book was hard cover, but the binding was loose enough that my copy easily lays flat, another good bonus so that I was not always struggling to keep my page open. It also contains a rather large vegetarian section. Some of our favorites include: Seafood Salad with Citrus Vinaigrette, Bistro Beef Salad, Vietnamese Style Beef Noodle Broth, Mock Risotto, Chicken Stuffed with Golden Onions Fontina, Almond Crusted Chicken Fingers, Beer-Battered Tilapia with Mango Salsa, and Loaded Twice Baked Potatoes. Enjoy! 
It's been a while since I've read one of Janet Evanovich's Stephanie Plum novels, but a sudden need for light reading found Ten Big Ones at the book store. Plum's biggest worries tend to be about whether she is lusting after Joe Morelli or Ranger, how to get the latest bond jumper down to the police station, and how she is going to replace whatever vehicle just got destroyed. Definitely light fare, even if her current problem is how to avoid death identifying the thief in a grocery store heist and then turning the local gang leader into a careening pinball in traffic. He not only wants Stephanie dead, but he also wants her end to be spectacular. Stephanie's response is to break up with her steady boyfriend, Joe Morelli, again, gorge on jelly donuts, and go into hiding at one of Ranger's lairs. Of course, this doesn't work as well as it should because even Ranger's soap is too sexy for words. And Stephanie, glutton for punishment that she is, she has to go out and make sure everyone knows that she is trying to keep a low profile. So, you see, this is standard Stephanie Plum fare - lighthearted mayhem and a heroine who is half macho and half wuss, usually with bad timing. My issue with Evanovich's books isn't with any particular one, but with what happens if you read too many at one time. Stephanie's biggest problem is herself - a decided lack of common sense. Which is what you would expect from someone who works as a bounty hunter, but leaves her gun in the cookie jar. In four hundred pages this is funny, but if you've been reading a lot in a row, the steady diet of vaudeville sight gags is d�j� vu all over again. After a break of a year or so this goes away and I found Ten Big Ones a pleasure to read. It introduces a whole ne order of plot complication and one of the more remarkable bus drivers in literary history. By all means, if you need a break from the weight of the world, take the time to read this. 
In 2003 I suffered my worst major depression ever. It lasted for over a year, and in the worst moments -which lasted months- my anguish was so intense that I wished I were dead. Again, the worst part was when I couldn't even get a full night's rest, and after just two or three hours of sleep would wake up at 2 or 3 a.m. full of despair, unable to even pray or meditate or get any kind of relief, and anguished at the prospect of the new day approaching... Having to get up in the morning was hell. Needless to say I couldn't work, and that increased my ill-feelings and my guilt at seeing how my wife had to shoulder the full responsibility in our family of four (we have two adolescent kids). Reading Andrew Solomon's book, which I found recommended at depression-blog at blogspot dot com was an extraordinary experience, because for the first time ever I found my own reflected on the written page by a gifted writer who has also suffered the extreme anguish and pain of major depression. In my illness, I found that psychiatrists, doctors and other therapists who haven't themselves gone through the hellish nightmare of a major depression simply cannot understand what it is like. It's just like what happens with someone who has never eaten an orange: no matter how much you you try to explain how it tastes, the other person will have no real understanding unless he/she eats one him/herself. Same with friends and well-wishers of many sorts, who will tell you things like "Cheer up!" or "Make an effort!" without realizing that that's precisely what you would most want to do -but can't. Solomon's book and the advise of Mike S. -now a friend, and the guy who created the depression-blog at blogspot dot com- have been of great value to me. And of course the courage and love of my wife, who never -even in the worst moments, when we both thought I might die at any moment- abandoned hope, sustaining me, putting up with a lot, holding me when I cried in utmost despair and wished I were dead as the only relief in the midst of what now I recall as the worst kind of torture a human being can be subjected to... And my kids, too, who at times even made me laugh with a joke or helped me get some sleep with a massage. And God, who in the midst of utter darkness and despair, was there too, and saw me through 
Vintage McCourt! This is a good one but reminiscent of A Monk Swimming by the same author. Mallachy McCourt is good, but I prefer his brother, Frank. Poor man, I wonder how many times he has heard it. But it takes nothing away from the book. What genius of a family. Poverty in childhood has turned out into prosperity for posterity. Thanks McCourt Brothers 
I was disappointed with this novel which is set in my hometown of Chicago. I had hoped that the author would have taken advantage of this setting, but it really seemed as if he had just read one of our gay newspapers and pulled out a few names to function as place names. The plot is trite as are most of the characters. Characters change their "stripes" at the drop of a hat. The book has a certain fairy tale, and they lived happily ever after quality that I found really disconcerting. I would have been more "satisfied" if Dean (the main character) had turned out to be an ax murderer! Just kidding of course or am I? If you can pick this book up used for a couple of bucks, okay but don't you pay a penny more 
I'm a huge Suz fan ... but I really think she missed the boat on this one. Her style has changed since she moved to hardcover this book just fell flat for me. The secondary storyline or FBI agent Jules was much more enjoyable than the lead couple Cosmo Jane. Didn't like her at all Cosmo lost his "Seal-ness" somewhere along the way. Not a re-read for me 
This book is not very helpful and confusing to use. A lot of the information it provides is information you can read on the food labels IF you buy those brands. 
if you've been given this book, or recommended it by a friend then you've been blessed. this book is bizarre, yes, but if it finds its way to you i'm sure you won't be troubled by that minor detail. thank you Elisabeth Haich, for this book - it's a gift - i can't possibly explain in words the effect this book had on my life, nevermind fathom how the author used words to discuss topics which have traditionally defied discussion. i still can't believe that this book actually exists, but i'm eternally thankful it does 
I've used the lonely planet guides on other trips before, and have always been very pleased, but this one left me with a different taste in my mouth. LP was the only guide we purchased, based on our previous experiences with them, but we had the chance to peruse others in the B's we stayed in throughout our trip. Of all of them, I'd rate the LP as the 2nd best for our interests - as they say, individual experiences may vary! Ireland has become a very expen$ive tourist destination, so upon reflection, we would have been happier with the Rough Guide. LP has just tried to hard to cover all levels of expense in one guide, and has ended up short-changing all of them in the process. I hate to say it, but I'd rather see them do one thing well than 3 things mediocre at best. I'd still put it above most of the other guidebooks though. Our first and foremost gripe is how out of date the price estimates on everything are. I realize it was published two years ago, but we gradually learned to depend on everything costing about 20% more than LP listed. That's quite a jump for 2 years, indicating to me either poor fact-checking for the 2003 edition, or some pretty crazy inflation and a need for another update. Our second gripe was the local maps. They failed to provide maps for a lot of the smaller cities, and only provided maps of the city-center areas in the larger ones. Given the rarity of Irish street signage, those maps would have been a God-send for navigation in towns. Also, and this may be a function of the 2003 printing, a lot of the towns in Ireland are instituting one-way patterns in their city-centers, and LP's maps rarely identified this. A third, again related gripe is with the existance, or lack thereof, of the various restaurants, b's, shops, etc. listed in the guide. Probably 30% of the restaurants in the guide just aren't there any more. I realize they must have been when it went to print, but that didn't help us any. Our last gripe is the rather uneven coverage of large areas of the country. Granted, it reflected perfectly the tourist patterns - heavy coverage of larger cities and popular tourist areas along the coasts, pretty awful coverage of less touristed interior areas. Unfortunately, we didn't just want to go where all the other tourists go, so this left our noses still further out of joint. Overall, I'd say if you want a guide that covers the sightes well, both LP and Rough Guide do that. If you want to keep the expenditures down, Rough Guide does it much better. If you want to go all out, um, there's probably a third option, but neither of these two will do it well. If you want to be thrifty in some areas and splurge in others, then this guide is the closest you'll get to filling your schizophrenic needs in one place - although, in that case, I'd really recommend getting two guides, one for each end of the spectrum. One last piece of advice - buy a heritage card when you get to your first castle/tomb/historic place! If you plan on visiting more than one or two historic places, its 20e cost will be recouped within days with all the free admissions it will get you for the rest of the trip 
I like John Grisham, but THE KING OF TORTS was a slow-moving disappointment. Grisham is obviously making an argument for tort reform in this novel, which is fine, but he ends up putting the message above the story. Grisham devotes much of this novel to a young plaintiffs' lawyer and his new law firm dedicated to class action lawsuits. This provides Grisham with an excuse to explain, in agonizing detail, how tort lawyers sue big companies and collect huge fees. Grisham also produces scene after scene describing the enormous wealth of class action lawyers, and how they put their own greed above the interests of their clients. In the end, none of this adds up to an engaging storyline. It doesn't help that the young lawyer in this novel is a rather unlikable person that Grisham is obviously setting up for a fall. Since I didn't care for this character, I found the storyline of THE KING OF TORTS to be largely uninvolving. This novel is also rather preachy and heavy-handed in tone. I personally dislike class action lawsuits, but I read novels for entertainment, not to validate my own political beliefs. Although this book was decently written, I just didn't find the story interesting enough to recommend. For a better version of this story, I would suggest A CIVIL ACTION by Jonathan Harr. 
Someone reported all my 3 negative reviews of Daniel Silva books and got them removed! Hmm, I wonder who that could be. I am rather annoyed at this because I spent quite a lot of time detailing why I didn't like one of the books, reasonably, I thought. Apparently, someone had decided that they did not follow the review guidelines. I used no profanities. OK, there were some spoilers, but not more than I usually read in other reviews. Not single worded, no phone numbers, no solicitations, etc. Maybe whoever it was just didn't like my negative review. Well, the last time I checked, the 1st amendment still applies in this country. OK, so let me try to post another review of why I didn't like this book without violating any review guidelines, and I'm not going to spend 30 mins on it like last time. I thought the book was very poorly written and very boring. I struggled through 1/3 of the book but the author could not capture my attention and I decided not to continue to the end. I've read a couple of other Daniel Silva books, but neither one of them could change my mind that he is an author that I don't like. I will not be buying any more of his books 
Having been born in 1981 I was educated as a teen about the importance of safe sex and the realities of HIV and AIDS. But, this book brought home the true horrors of the history of the pandemic. While lengthy, it is extremely informative and, if read with an open mind, refreashingly unbiased. I found myself taking extra time and care in reading "And The Band Played On" just to let the information sink in. 
I have been a fan of Sue Henry since her first Jessie Arnold mystery. I was looking forward to reading her lastest adventure, but was very disappointed in this outing. The characters were one-dimensional. After discovering who the "bad guys" were I needed to reread part of the book for clarification. Sue Henry has a very annoying habit of foreshadowing at the end of many of her chapters. "...they hadn't a notion just how decidedly things could - and would - change in the next few hours." Even the relationship between Alex and Jessie seemed stilted. I realize it is difficult to create plausible mysteries for a civilian like musher Jessie Arnold, but this book tried too hard and accomplished too little 
I have to tell you that this is better than the first! You just fall in love with gal pal Mavis in this one. (And continue to love her and Eve as the series goes on.) The series is one of the best I've ever read and I read a lot. Not may authors can compare. Hope the series continues for a long time. Reviewed by Rosanna Filippello Author of the Angelo Mysteries Series published by JustMyBest inc. Book One--Angel of Death, Book Two--Angelo of Justice (Angel of Truth to be released Fall of 2005) www.detective-angelo-mysteries.com 
I thought Keegan was a "serious" historian. This book contains little to do with the actual war itself - you would have picked up more on how it was fought on a 2nd rate cable news channel - indeed I beleive thats where he did all his research for this poor excuse for a "serious" miltary analysis of the iraq war 
This item is a must-have for anyone who is serious about understanding the origins of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (LDS or Mormons for short). While not an authentic artifact, it is an excellent reproduction of the original book that started one of America's most successful and controversial social-religious movements of the 19th and 20th centuries. This reproduction allows the reader to read the original 19th century language style of structure and grammar as it fell from the lips of Joseph Smith (Author and Proprietor) to the pen(s) of his various scribes. When the book is placed in it's historical context, the reader can see the doctrinal development of many of the key points of theology that are the underpinning of the current LDS Church as well as Smith's answers for many of the religious concerns of his day. Also, interestingly, when compared to the current version of the book and the LDS Church today, the reader can see the evolution of church doctrine over time. For Example: The development from a monotheistic doctrine of deity (see book of 1 Nephi and Mosiah - also see Lectures on Faith, also by Smith), to the current polytheistic doctrine that the church espouses (see current version of the Book of Mormon - changing of the text in 1 Nephi to correspond with current church doctrine). The original condemnation of polygamy (marriage to more than one wife at a time) with the exception of raising up a righteous posterity (see book of Jacob), to the open endorsement and practice of the same from the mid to late 19th century for no reason other than Smith saying that God commanded the practice, then to the abandonment of the practice in order to prevent Church property from being confiscated and to allow Utah statehood in the union. The condemnation of secret, oath-bound clandestine societies (see book of Helaman, 3 Nephi, Ether) to the practice of blood oaths of secrecy, loyalty and revenge (for the murder of Smith) in the Masonic-derived Nauvoo temple endowment. The original condemnation and futility of Baptism for children and those that die without the law (see book of Mormon - name of a section within the book), to the practice of performing all church ordinances (including baptism) vicariously for the dead (those that died without the law). Like all religious/social/mass movements, the LDS Church will evolve and change to meet the needs of its members. The importance of this book for any follower of the religion (or student of sociology, history, etc.) is to chart the origins of the institution and then follow it's metamorphosis over time as the institution attempts to adapt to a constantly changing and growing market. For that reason alone the book receives 5 stars. 
This book is atrocious. It is THE worst book I have read in the last decade. A 10 year old could have done better. The plot gets more ridiculous as the book progresses, the characters act unbelievably and it is amazing that someone can actually get paid to write such garbage. The only plus was that I got it out of the library and didn't pay for it 
I was INCREDIBLY disappointed with this book purchase - especially because I paid FULL PRICE for it. I have absolutely NO USE for it. Why? Why pay money for a book that simply takes prepackaged cookie and cake mixes, and adds a handful of nuts or dried fruit, (thus, making it "homemade") to give away? Anyone with the smallest amount of natural creativity could do this on their own, without the instruction of a cookbook. Let me give you an example: One of the "recipes" in this book is for lollipops. You melt down other lollipops or pieces of hard candy and drop a stick in the puddle. WOW. That is CRAFTY. How ridiculous. Even worse, - as you will see by the illustration, - the "homemade" 'lollipop' looks disgusting. The stick is about four times as thick as the paper-thin puddle of liquified old hard candy. I wouldn't DARE give such a thing away as a GIFT. Only a handful of recipes in this book are actually scratch-made from ingredients. The premise of this book is dressing up premade prepackaged foods from your local grocery store, and slapping some notions from the craft store on a glass jar or paper box. While some of the presentation ideas are original and attractive, in general it will prove a grave disappointment to an experienced cook. I have given this book two stars because it does present lovely photo illustrations of every "recipe", and may give you inspiration for packaging and presenting your best recipes as gifts...... but if you have any creative talent and cooking skill whatsoever, - I advise you to seek out another book on this subject. It is not worth the cost of the book. Should you be interested in the simplicity and economical value (the craft notions to dress the package will cost more than the food you are preparing)found in this book, - PLEASE- buy a USED copy, - it isn't worth more than $3 bucks. This is definitely a publication for a very inexperienced cook - and it is only for such a one I would recommend this book 
I admit I was impressed by the table of contents of this book, and I admit I had no previous experience with the subject, but sure with the 'real life' of support services for a database company. Most of the book is devoted to review commercial software available on the market and for me, this is just enough to be dissapointed. There are better commercial magazines or even websites can provide you this information for free... Although some formulas and templates looks very interesting (that's why 2 stars), maybe should you consider a help desk book instead 
The official censes of the Ottoman Empire in the early 1900s showed well over five million Christians living in the provinces of what are now modern Turkey. Western specialists who helped the Turks conduct their censes stated that the Turks purposely undercounted the Christians and overcounted the Turks. So, there were many more than just five million Christians. There are now approximately only a hundred thousand Christians in Modern Turkey. The question that the author pointedly neglects to address is what happened to the difference between over five million in the early 1900s and only a hundred thousand people today. We know that over a million surviving Greeks were expelled in the exhange of populations between Greece and Turkey in 1923. Again, what happened to the huge difference of 4-5 million people? To the 1.5 million massacred Armenians, must be added three quarters to a million Assyriac Christians (Aramaic-speaking Arab Christians) and as many as two million Greeks (almost 30 percent of the Greek people). The author does not touch on the large numbers of Christians who were enslaved by Turks or forced to convert to Islam to avoid massacre which explains the large number Greek-speaking "Turks" around Trebizon on the Black Sea. It is not as if there is not vast contemporary accounts of neutral and Western observers of this enormous genocide and ethnic cleansing of the original, pre-Turkish populations of Anatolia. I can only conclude that the author had such an inborn bias in favor of Turkey as to ignore a slaugher that approaches the Jewish holocaust of WWII. Avoiding this subject amounts to holocaust denial. The Christian genocide was the first great genocide of the 20th century and Hitler's model for the Jewish genocide. The massacre of the Greek and Armenian population of Smyrna (now Izmir) ranks with the Rape of Nanking in sheer horror and scale, but the author skips over it in a rush to avoid any detail of the crime or assign any blame except to the Greeks and Armenians by repeating the discredited canard that they set fire to their own city. The author's treatment of the Christian genocide reminds me of the comments to me of a Turkish officer at a NATO conference which were to the effect that there had been no Armenian genocide (the Turkish Government official line) but, in any case, that they had deserved it. The author seems to have taken her treatment of the subject from the Turkish Government as well 
Many stories in this book reminds me of the famous essay Silent Spring. The writing style is extremely accessible to every body and yet delivers a significant amount of knowledge, advice, and sometimes wisdom. The author carefully explains medical terms and implications, thus easing the reader's mind without using a medical book. This book is highly recommended to anyone who has a curious mind 
Don't waste your money on this book. I will finish the book because it is our book club choice. The characters are shallow and self centered. The writing is middle school quality. Kris Radish seems to have an agenda she is pushing and she was going to get it all into this book come hell or high water. No poetry and no beauty, I could care less about the women in this book. Who could possibly think life's problems could be solved by walking away from them while drinking lots of wine? I treasure my sisters and women friends but I wouldn't want to be a friend to any of these women. I would give it no stars if I could 
If you are going to read only one of Virginia Woolf's many works, this is the one to read. She is the greatest novelist, but her novels cannot be equal, some being better or more universal than others. She really *arrives* in this one. I first read it twenty years ago in college, but I still think of phrases, thoughts, and concepts from this book. The novel's themes resonate the way poetry does. Worth the reputation. I hope no one ever tries to make a movie out of this one 
Serious genealogists hobbyists and professionals will be excited by this new resource, which thoroughly explains the new science of DNA testing and how it can be applied to family history research. Although this book is not for everyone, if you have successfully passed high school biology, you should be able to manage the information and its technology in this excellent reference. Wouldn't it be interesting for a man and his wife to go back in time to discover about when they might have had an ancestor in common? DNA testing and analysis had give you that and much more. It can even give you an idea what part of the world your pre-historical ancestors lived and migrated to. The authors practice what they preach and tell how we can do it too, with many DNA labs and companies listed and compared. We rated this book four hearts 
Some may disagree, and in fact, many have asked me why I disliked this one so much; so, here is why: - scratch 'plotting'... by this point in the story, 'plodding' is more accurate. - caracatures over characters. A staple of the series, 2d characters; but by this point, when new characters keep getting introduced this late in the story, it becomes an annoyance, a drag and overkill. - virtually zero gain. the entire first half of the book is a rescue mission for a minor character and the mission, once accomplished (or not) is forgotten by the end of the book. The third fourth of the book finally starts to swing thigns back to the original LB premise of end times doom and gloom thanks to the horrific judgments; sadly, it's very boring and slow. However... -... the book doesn't get good until the last fourth. And that, my friends, is not good for the overall quality of this entry in the series. By this point, it's obvious that the authors were REALLY stretching it. However, as I said, things got really good in the last few chapters and led into 'Armageddon', one of the best books in the series. How ironic. Thumbs way down for Left Behind: The Remnant. It's sad when the best part of the book is a scene involving the antichrist sunbathing on a rooftop. 
I consider myself knowledgeable about history, especially WW2. After reading just half of "Flags of our Fathers'" I realize how much I 'didn't' know about this part of the war. Most of my research was of the european theatre. I am so glad I purchased this book. It makes me feel so humble as to my own time spent in uniform for I never had to endure or sacrifice what these young men did. Anyone thinking of not voting should read this and be sure to vote for these young men gave everything so that we could have that right. Even more they went through hell before they did it. Do yourself a favor and get this book. Richard Neal Huffman - Author of Dreams In Blue: The Real Polic 
I expected information about design, but this is just a self serving "I am good at what I do" book. I am sure he is good but there is little or no information about how to actually desigh furniture. No proportions, no instruction except make your mistakes on paper by sketching first. A waste of good money. 
This is one of the few books so bad that I couldn't finish it. There is no explanation of how things work,or in many cases what they really are. I feel like the only motivation for any of the characters was greed, sex, or guilt about greed and sex. Do not bother with this book 
Philbrick does an outstanding job of weaving an enthralling story from historical references. He gives the reader a wonderful sense of the social, religious and political forces that motivated the Pilgrims in their incredibly risky venture into the unknown. The book presents a fascinating view of the clash of the Native American and English cultures that tragically led to the near annihilation of the New England "Indians". 
This book was hard to put down.Can't wait for the next book 
This is one of my favorite books of all time, and during my 40 years of life I've read a lot of them. First off: the style is simple and direct - no big words and no long sentences. But this is by no means to imply that it is unsophisticated. As the product of a 19-20 year old mind, it impresses. It reads very much like a modern novel. This is the kind of novel you wish you could have written yourself - at any age, let alone 19 or 20. As such, it is remarkable. Secondly: the subject matter is disturbing yet something that must be taught. Educated people should know how easy it is to become a hypocrite when how one behaves is determined solely by how he believes the public will react. Matthew Lewis was not concerned about this. This is what makes him such a great writer. Too many contemporary authors are more motivated to write what they believe the public will like than what is in their hearts. Lewis' book created a sensation when it was published. He probably realized that he was writing a controversial book, but he believed strongly that what he had to say was the truth and that it should be said. After all, he was writing during the French Revolution, while the Reign of Terror was raging in Paris. People were just beginning to become disillusioned with Reason (because of what they felt it had led to in France), but had yet to become infatuated with sentimentality and passion (as they would during the Romantic era). As such, then, it was a time of transition. Lewis must have been aware of the danger (as he saw it) of people turning back (as they had during the Middle Ages) to Religion for answers in a time of such upheaval. He obviously felt that more Religion was not the answer, that too much Religion can pervert the mind just as too much Reason can. This is why his work is still relevant today. The battle over what role Religion is to play in society still rages today. These are only a few thoughts I hope will be helpful to those who might consider reading this book. On the surface, the book is a delightful romp into a fantasy realm. Underneath, though, there is a deeper current which reflects the broader course of history and still resonates today 
Until very recently the subject of animal awareness has not even been approached with the correct questions. As Rogers clearly points out, most of the research on cognition has been directed at supporting the assumption that consciousness is an exclusively human phenomenon. An inherited predisposition to preserve a human monopoly on consciousness survives only because it appeases our omnivorous behaviors. In the early 1600's Spinoza correctly determined the existence of an emotional balance. He told us that one extreme emotion will dominate the senses until such time that an equally extreme opposite emotion brings us back to emotional center. Antonio Damasio provides a compelling case that consciousness is inextricably linked to emotion in his book "The Feeling of What Happens: Body and Emotion in the Making of Consciousness". Using Damasio and Spinoza as a frame of reference it follows that each and every decision we make is based on an emotion, not a uniquely quantifiable language infused thought, as the popular human interpretation might assume. Examples of this might be choosing the color of paint, a selection from a menu, the selection of a mate or which way to turn when unsure. Animals have provided us with an exhaustive and document able list of emotional behaviors. How is it possible to arrive at the conclusion that animals are not conscious when most animals will clearly display behaviors consistent with emotional stimulus? The last frontier of computer science is the quest for a conscious, non-human entity. Ray Kurzweil has spent the better part of his life predicting the emergence of an exponentially accelerating form of machine augmented human consciousness. In my view, it would be safer to assume that at some point technology will provide us with means to understand the different levels of consciousness that exist. While computers struggle to redefine consciousness by passing "Turing Tests", visionary ethologists might find ways to interpret the world through different eyes. It is exceedingly difficult to discuss the subject of animal consciousness from the point of view of the animal and avoid emotional interpretations. Lesley Rogers has given us a glimpse of this vast subject by asking the correct questions and, providing the current objective answers from each available vantage point. At a disciplined two hundred pages the book stands out as a concise introduction to the subject of Animal Cognition. 
For someone who spends his career attacking politically-motivated science, Stephen Jay Gould does a pretty good job combining scientific research with politics in this book. Gould rambles on and on, attacking giants of modern science like Samuel Morton and Francis Galton, and never putting up any serious scientific conclusions of his own. Gould presents fabricated objections to serious research and selectively excludes studies that make a clear correlation between intelligence and brain and skull size as well as differences in brain size between the human population groups and correlations between brain size and class. Gould only ridicules the most outlandish claims of scientific racism and refuses to pick on findings that have been proven correct. For anyone who has no knowledge of biology, this book will give them a very distorted view of the entire science. Stephen Jay Gould is a paleontologist; evolutionary biology is an amateur field for him, and it would be best if he, as well as all other crypto-Marxists who wish to blend science and politics, stay out of it 
One of the most interesting books I've ever read! I could not put this one down. If all economics books were written this well, everyone would want to be an economist! The author has a unique perspective on the analysis of data that is very compelling. He will make you question every "fact" you've ever heard and observe the world around you from a different angle 
The Shaman's Apprentice presents more information about the relationship between people and nature than many much larger volumes. The story of Kamanya, Gabriela, and the shaman Nahtahlah, educates children about the important roles of all living things. The text is supported by rich and colorful illustrations which easily maintains the interest of children from four to 14. If you want the children in your life to understand the importance of rain forests and the need to preserve them, you must have this book 
Alistair MacLean combines psychology, action, history, sociology, and intrigue into a wonderful spy story. The hero potrtays a tried and true James Bond without the condescending attitude. There's none better 
This book deals with some fairly rediculous topics. I'm not into mysticism or talisman's or that stuff, so perhaps I am biased. It did provide a useful history of the 'masonic' symbol on the American one-dollar bill, which I enjoyed. But Hieronimus puts forth far too much theory regarding supernatural powers for my taste 
Aside from the 1958 Championship Game and the 1968 Super Bowl, the actual football games got very short shrift. The 1964 Championship Game didn't even get a MENTION! Whole years are virtually ignored. Very, very little discussion of Unitas' career and his impact on the game: mostly just anecdotes about family, friends, and teammates, and way too much space devoted to post-mortem comments from same. I think I learned way more about Johnny Sample and Gino Marchetti and Jim Parker from this book than I learned about Unitas. And that's not saying much. There's a lot of padding in this book but precious little information. And a lot of the anecdotes will be familiar if you're a football fan. Wait for the paperback if you're a Unitas devotee; otherwise don't bother. 
I Look for books all the time on this topic to see if there any new moves I can pick up to help shape and tone the stomach area which is a problem for most of us. I think if you are just starting out this book will help you understand the positions you need to get into but it's going to take alot more than 8 minutes to get results and I have been training for years 
This book really irritated me. I loved Mayes's previous books and was really looking forward to reading this one. The concept, a year of traveling to different locations, seemed like it would be really interesting combined with Mayes' fresh perspectives, enthusiasm for discovery, feisty opinions and poetic descriptions. But somehow it didn't work. I get the sense that her heart wasn't really in this book. Maybe because the trips were taken over a span of five years, and cobbled together? Or because there's so much `padding' - endless quotes from her own or other people's writing. When she liked the place, her descriptions feel artificially enthusiastic, almost as if the book was paid for by the chamber of commerce. I got tired of reading that she could live there, or could imagine taking her grandson there, or wishes she was born there, or that it's SO much better than San Francisco. Where she doesn't live anymore, and hasn't for years. There are also too many stories about refreshing local characters who think Frances Mayes is the nicest, most tasteful, most interesting person they've ever met. Especially since these people tend to be waiters, cab drivers, rug salesmen or others whose business depends on charming the tourists. Most of the book consists of sneering at her fellow Americans, or talking about people's personal appearance. This is boring and clich�d - and if you like that kind of thing, Bill Bryson does it better. There's also way too much name dropping (she's always mentioning "my friend so-and-so, the famous ____"). What happened to the ordinary, financially stretched, middle-aged college professor? She seems to be taking on the persona of a celebrity. She doesn't want to be crowded in with a group, doesn't want to associate with ordinary tourist types - now she deserves the VIP treatment. This is definitely a change from her previous books. I think when it comes right down to it, there's too much Frances Mayes in this book. I thought I liked her, but what I really like is her writing style. It can still be magical - when she gets her ego out of the way. But when she puts herself front and center, she becomes more tedious and pretentious than interesting. Now I'm sorry I read this book, because I'm afraid it will spoil my enjoyment of the earlier ones. 
I can't remember the last time I failed to finish reading a novel. I abandoned this one with 100 pages to go. With another implausible plot twist, I've had enough. Maybe I've been spoiled by the quality of character driven fiction from George Pelecanos, James Lee Burke, Robert B parker, James Sallis, Scott Phillips, and Robert Crais but I suspect that this is not just a failure to connect with the characters and more to do with poor writing. I've read quite a number of Deaver's novels and enjoyed the complex plots and the exploration of psychologically/psyciatrically devient chbaracters, but this is just over the top. When I came to the chapter that excplained how the magician faked his death while in custody, that was enough. I have another fifty novels lined up waiting to be read and I'll be damned if I'm going to waste any more time on this poor one. For that matter, after six or so Lincoln Rhyme novels, I can't say that I really know or care anything about Lincoln or Saches 
This book is the typical package of business ideas. The book gets 2 stars because the few pages devoted to entrepreneurship has very little substance and the information under each idea is sparse and in many cases not helpful. In addition, there are numerous ideas that require a tremendous amount of work. The author does state that what may be work for one person, may be play to another. However, this relates to doing something you enjoy or having a passion where you don't mind putting in the time or work. The title suggests that the business ideas listed in the book will not require a great deal of time or effort, which is not the case for many of the ideas(Masonry, Restauranteur for example). This book has some value for those that have not read similar books of this type. Otherwise, I would take a pass on this one 
Overall I found this guide pretty confusing, but I guess it is better than nothing. There are better choices, and some may want to consider auto-formatting software such as Eazypaper and others. 
"Col Mike Martin" raised in Iraq, speaks fluent arabic......... The Taliban are Pashtoon, they are not arabs, they don't speak arabic, they don't even like arabs very much. They are a totaly closed tribal society. I spent a year living and working with the Pashtoon in 2005 in Helmand Province. There are no members of the Taliban who are not Pashtoon. The other ethnic groups in Afghanistan, the Tajik and the Hazara, are opposed to the Taliban. Mike Martin would not have the correct family, clan and tribal ties and background to carry this off. Sorry, but Forsythe has dropped the ball on this one. 
I'd heard the buzz (both pro and con) and thought I'd take an independent read. I was dismayed with this book. James Frey has insulted anyone who has gone through a real experience with substance addiction by trivializing the truth of whatever experience he really had. One of the hardest things an addict has to grasp is the TRUTH so that he can take ownership of his actions and take the 12 steps or whatever is necessary to save his life and often the lives of loved ones tangled up in the mess with him. Lies are what enable "slips" and "enabling" and "denial" and those other catch words that describe continued misery and failure. Recovery is nearly impossible without honesty. So, can we look at this man's "memoir" and expect it to offer anything of value? It's poorly constructed, repetitive, and narcisitic. Even if Oprah hadn't exposed him, the writing takes the tone of "whoppers" like Frey's account of the drug house visit in which he "rescues" Lilly. Other reviewers and Smoking Gun have written about the fantastic episodes one by one, and I can't improve on that. Suffice to say this mockery of misery and hope is no more real than a daytime soap opera. Story lines in a soap may look like real life to one who is isolated from real life, the same way A Million Little Pieces might look to someone who has not been touched by real addiction. A real addict with typical delusion could be misdirected from a true course of treatment with tragic result. I was left with the impression he thinks institutions and people who help others with substance recovery are pitifully misdirected or inept. Like a joke of some kind. I'm not laughing. 
The Waste Lands, the third novel in Stephen King's The Dark Tower series is by far the best volume yet. This volume picks up a short time after the end of Drawing of the Three, and we see Roland training Eddie and Susannah to become true gunslingers in Roland's world. Soon into the novel, the three gunslingers encounter one the Guardians of Mid-World, a huge cyborg bear, who is guarding a portal that goes between the different worlds. Roland explains that each of these portals is connected to the Dark Tower by a beam, and if they follow the beam, it will lead them directly to the Dark Tower, they just don't know how far away it is. As the three gunslingers start to follow the beam, we, the readers, are taken to our own world and reintroduced to Jake, the ill-fated child from The Gunslinger. Jake is currently having a mental breakdown (as is Roland) due to the fact that Roland saved him from dying his destined death at the hands of a Cadillac in The Drawing of the Three. One part of Jake tells him he should be dead, the other says he should be alive. Jake's mental breakdown leads him on a journey across New York to a haunted house that has many connections with other characters in the book, and in this house, Jake believes he can get back to Mid-World and be reunited with Roland. The final part of the journey in The Waste Lands, takes our group to a city called Lud, on the outskirts of the waste lands. The group believes they need to find a monorail named Blaine in the city, and he will help them on their journey to the Dark Tower. Once they enter the city, much goes wrong and we are introduced to a really cool, but really evil character called the Tick-Tock Man, who runs Lud. All of this leads up to a ridiculously exciting conclusion and a killer cliffhanger that makes me really glad I waited to read these until they were all published. As far as action and suspense goes, The Waste Lands takes the cake easily from the previous two books. Most of all, this book makes us appreciate the character development from the previous books. We care so much about these characters, and would be devastated if anything were to happen to them. This book also goes a long way in providing some much needed answers about the Dark Tower in general and Mid-World. These answers are both satisfying and frustrating. They are satisfying that you aren't completely clueless as to what is going on, but there are deeper answers to everything that we are given in this novel, so it just makes you want to read on more. The series just keeps getting better as it goes along 
From about the second page of this book, I was shaking my head in disbelief that anyone would publish it. The characters and their relationships are so poorly developed you are left with a blur of images lacking connection to one another. Add to that the stereotypical characters (the men are all violent and lusting either for girls or boys, the women are all "large-assed" or fat with the exception of Ella). And the gratuitous sentence or two at the end of each section about various characters' sexual proclivities was so completely dumb, not to mention kind of repulsive (I like a good sex scene as much as the next person, but Tuck's descriptions are completely banal). Oh wait, there's more. The Spanish is ATROCIOUS. It's hard to believe that Tuck had a translator for this book. It's pretty clear that whoever copy edited it neither reads nor writes nor speaks Spanish. Half the names are grammatically incorrect. Many of the words are just plain wrong ("vita" means life in Italian, not Spanish, for starters). I felt embarrased for the author. Does she know that her book is full of errors? The one word that comes to mind when thinking about this book is: SHALLOW. I sincerely hope that readers don't mistake this book for historical fiction. The author clearly knows little about Paraguay and its people and history, and clearly doesn't care, from her superficial treatment of it. 
I checked this book out of our local library when I was teaching a unit on "oceans" to my preschool class. The children listened closely as the suspense built in this story and the surprise ending was wonderful. The children understood the food chain concept and have asked me several times to "Read it again!" It has also triggered a renewed interest in the children for using their own imaginations to create stories of their own creation. I am ordering a copy for our own personal library. This one is a keeper 
I was drawn to this book by the promise of experiencing or gaining familiarity with a new part of Paris, a city I have visited often. The book fell far short of that. It left me disappointed and longing for what I had missed. It was difficult to connect with or enter into the story primarily because the author failed to portray a personal intimacy with the subject. As an example, she tells us that moving within Paris was a bigger event than imagined but the description lacked emotional depth. Where were her feelings, little experiences, failings, successes, reactions. Overall, the author proved she has knowledge but does not know how to share it. 
I have had this book for 9 years and it continues to be my favorite. I have several other quotation books, but I always keep coming back to this one. It covers many topics that are categorized in a user friendly format which makes searching for the perfect quote a breeze. I recommend this book for the quotation fanatic 
I adored this book. The character development is strong, and delightful! With the exception of the villain, all characters are likeable. I couldn't wait to read the next book in the trilogy 
I cannot adequately express what this book did for me. I related to many of the stories, followed the advice, and am now a happier, healthier and more successful person than I was before. How can you beat that 
This is truely a funny book. It of course is the origin of the Ma and Pa Kettle movies, yet much more. I like to pull this one off the shelf every now and again just to be able to chuckle. When you read it, you must remember when it was written and what the racial and political attitudes of the time were, although, it is a good read on that level too, i.e. seeing were our culture has been and where it is today. I did read one or two reviews which compaired this work to some of the authors other work...good grief folks, lighten up..read the thing for what it is..a funny story meant to amuse. When I was a kid, I did not read Micky Mouse and analyze each comic book for political correctness, nor social commentary (although, being a dog lover, I was not always happy how Pluto was presented and treated) nor did I compair the Micky of 1949 to the Micky of 1952. Anyway, digging into a book like this for those reasons is fine I suppose, if you are into such, but for me, I just enjoyed the read and highly recommend it 
Have you ever read a book that just seemed to drag on and on? For me, that was this book. If you like fantasy then you might like this, because that is the genre of this book. It is about a Jewish girl named Hannah. She goes to a family party and hears a knock on the door. She opens it and then sort of wakes up and she thought it was a dream. She now has a new name, Chaya. She now has to figure out what happened, and what she will do in this body. It takes place in New Rochelle. It is old times. It doesn't give a specific time but you can infer by the clues and setting. She doesn't know why this happened to her but she must try to fix it. I didn't like this book at all. I thought it was really hard to follow. You have to pay attention throughout the whole book. You can never daydream or you won't know why they are calling her a new name. This was definitely made for older adults, or people with a higher reading level. If you are a good reader and you like to challenge yourself, try this book. I don't recommend this book if you are younger, or just not that well of a reader. This is for very and I mean very good and high level readers. I would say between the ages of 25-60 might like this book. I don't think this book was a page turner. I wanted to put it down, instead of not wanting to put it down. It never sparked my interest. Her being Jewish, and the book being a fantasy, I couldn't relate to anything that happened. This book was hard to concentrate on. If you look up for one second, you miss most of the story, so concentrate hard. I couldn't relate to anyone. I am not Jewish. If you are Jewish, you might actually understand this book better than I could. I didn't like the genre. It was all fake and totally unrealistic. If you like that sort of stuff, then read this book, but I don't like fantasy. I didn't like how it was written. It was too hard to concentrate on. I had to reread twice to find out why they are calling her a different name. I never found any surprised in the story. I could guess what would happen next. It was predictable. None of the chapters had cliffhangers. If just was boring and that's it. I thought it was extremely boring. I didn't understand anything and I would rather do my homework, than read that book. My mind wandered a lot. I had to read sections over and over again. I never believed the plot one bit. With the story being fantasy, everything is farfetched. I think older people would enjoy this book, because they would be the only ones who could understand it. 
How some people gave this book a five star review is way beyond me. First of all, I'd just like to mention that this nice book gives you schematic diagrams using symbols and other things without explaining them first! Secondly, if you want to understand electronics it can only be assumed that you want to understand the physics behind it! This book dedicates about a sentence to a paragraph to physics for each section. Horrible! So basically, this INTRODUCTION to electronics doesn't do a lot of introducing you to anything! I'm on transistors right now, and I've spent days researching the physics of how they work on the Internet, and guess what? It's using schematics I don't understand, and yet again I'm going to have to do more looking on the net. This book is not worth it. Don't buy it! Just please, for your own sake, find another one. Also, half the book is dedicated to projects. That is, actually building electronic circuits! Why didn't the author just entitle this, "How to build electronic devices", then? It's beyond me! As far as explaining things are concerned, the book does very little, and assume you know more than you do. Unfortunately I'm going to have to end up buying another electronics textbook, because this one is just horrible. I was really wanting to learn something from this book, but it's just not happening. For every chapter I've read on this book I've had to do research on the net, and I'm sick of it. I'm on pg. 154, and I'm closing it. DO NOT buy this book! I've already found a better book on amazon.com (just buy reading the Table of Contents!!!!!!!!!!) and I'm going to get it! 
I found Airframe to be a great book to read on my summer vacation. I was expecting it to be more of a science fiction novel but it is really a book about corporate intrigue and social commentary (i.e. the media). That being said, I was not the least disappointed. In his typical style, Crichton takes an aerospace engineering course and boils it down to plain English. I learned so much about the construction of airplanes and the airline industry - it was fascinating. He also does a great job in raking the mass media over the coals - which was fun (and somewhat ironic from the creator of "ER")! The book is fast paced and reads like a movie - which I am sure is no coincidence by Crichton ;) The main character is very likeable and you find yourself rooting for her. There are a number of plot twists and surprises and it certainly keeps you turning the pages. In summary I would not say that this is Crichton's best work, but it is surely a very enjoyable book that I would recommend to everyone 
This book gives insight to how the mind with a purpose (of being a millionare)looks at everything he does. An easy read and highly recommended 
If you admired the young McCourt boy who survived misery and a drunken father in Angela's Ashes (A'sA), this book is sure a huge deception. The first 80 pages are a great continuation to A'SA, but suddenly the rhythm of the book stops, as if McCourt had suffered from a severe drought of ideas. The storyline becomes chaotic, changing the day-today timeline we were used to to a mixture of anecdotes that take place 5 years forward and jump back again, no order or sense whatsoever. What's worse, nice and naive Mccourt transforms into a copy of his drunken father, constant beating up of women included. It's a huge shock (hey this story's REAL, folks!); it's as if Snow White suddenly turned into the role of the Queen. McCourt won't be the same nice, brave and funny guy for me nevermore. 
This book provides an excellent guide to finding and hiring the right people for your organization. If the procedures outlined here are learned and followed, one can be certain of consistently better hiring decisions in the future 
From the remarks at this site, people either love this novel or hate it. I hated it. I hated it for the reason that it represents all that is bad about MFA program writing in the last 30 years. The emphasis is entirely on STYLE. Forget story. Forget that your reader needs some reason to be reading the narrative. Just throw out and string together wonderful language and the reader will follow you anywhere. Some of this thinking goes back to Henry James, some of it goes back to Virginia Woolf who was so terrified of books with plots or dominating conceits (like H.G. Wells' THE TIME MACHINE). The first 100 pages of this novel are about a real estate deal and the people to whom Frank Bascombe is trying to sell a property. It's brilliantly written. In fact, it's so brilliantly written that I had a lot of problems seeing a former sportswriter being so introspective and articulate about his life, his loves, and the region of the country he inhabits. This book has no driving plot. In fact, it's an arbitrarily chosen conceit: what happens on July 4th in the life of one guy. It's not James Joyce's ULYSSES nor is it trying to be, but EVERY thought this man has is in this book. And none of it is related to a plot or story or any reason whatever why a person--any perso--should pick up the book. Indeed, that seems to be the crux. I read this book because it was by Richard Ford, a man whom all of my colleagues in the mainstream fiction world revere. You must read this book, they said. So I did. And I consider it an extraordinary waste of my time. To be sure, this is a judgment call, but I'm allowed to make it. EVERY reader is allowed to make that call. But I know I'm in the minority in this. This book is supposed to be one of the greatest American novels of the last 25 years. But will it be so in another 25 years? Are novels now only to be interior monologues (which Virginia Woolf preferred and said so in her essay "Modern Fiction")? Perhaps our values are changing. Perhaps the MFA programs in this country are correct in only cultivating style rather than story. But what it eventually evolves into is a form of narcissism, wherein the author writes at length, putting on the page all of his or her thoughts about whatever and we're supposed to . . . what? Applaud it? I believe that the authors we'll remember will be the natural storytellers. I don't think Richard Ford is one of them. But, man, he sure can write 
"I have received your new book against the human race, and thank you for it. Never was such cleverness used in the design of making us all stupid. One longs, in reading your book, to walk on all fours. But as I have lost that habit for more than sixty years, I feel unhappily the impossibility of resuming it. Nor can I embark in search of the savages of Canada, because the maladies to which I am condemned render a European surgeon necessary to me; because war is going on in those regions; and because the example of our actions has made the savages nearly as bad as ourselves." Voltaire (1755 
Os Guinness has a knack for taking difficult and complex subjects and capturing and presenting information that allows small chunks of the philosophy to be grasped and pondered deeply. This book is no exception. The fact that it is also a study guide is even more effective in delivering the message while directing the reader to several key questions to consider in each section. One of the best aspects of the book are the hundreds of quotes and essays, all around the central theme of the importance of character. While our culture often acts to create an "end justifies the means" behavioral set, never before has character been so important, or so difficult to really practice and live. The book begins with some essays from famous leaders; from Plato to George Washington, Winston Churchill to Machiavelli, and compares and contrasts what each felt about the importance of character, and how it was to be demonstrated. Much of the material is pretty well known, yet the ability to so easily read and discuss different styles and approaches is well worth the effort. My favorite sections were on the "Cultural Erosions of Character" in which the many examples of how society pushes and changes the definition and meaning in life impacts what we define as important at all. From advertising, to media, the pressure to conform is greater than ever, but in some ways has always existed. One of the best essay's in my opinion is called the "Revenge of Failure" wherein Henry Fairlie rips the "legend of our times", as envy at its worst. No longer content to envy what others have and we do not, we now attempt to destroy in others that which we cannot achieve ourselves. This process degrades talent and is a poor attempt to "buy" our way into importance not through the achievement of something remarkable, but through the tearing down of the remarkable achievement into something attainable. Thus character becomes something that is no longer "earned". The sections on plastic surgery and other shifts into a looks based culture further erode the importance of character. In this relentless and obsessed pursuit of the elusive perfection, the hunter becomes the hunted, and always loses in the battle to fight against aging and the myth of happiness in ones physical appearance. Powerful depictions of how this societal pressure has claimed far too many who sacrifice character for fleeting and shallow appearance, are depicted with a convicting clarity. Overall, this is a very well done and thought provoking book. As a study guide it would be ideal for small groups, or even personal reflections. The book is so full of quotes and essays that it can be read at once, or in dozens of small bites with equal effectiveness. Highly recommended. 
I've been staring at a copy of Thomas Friedman's 'From Beirut to Jerusalem' on my shelf for nearly a year now, meaning to read it but always drawn to something else. Finally, recent events demanded that I learn more and I finally pulled it down, dusted it off, and read it. I'm so glad I did, especially now. The book is not the easiest read, since it delves into a lot of regional history and politics, which gets complex no matter what you do. Friedman's writing style, however, goes a long way towards making the text quite accessible for just about anyone, and his unique perspective on the events that he witnessed and covered in his role as a journalist keeps it interesting and always relevant. What I really appreciated about the way Friedman presents his story is that it really is HIS story. He is obviously a man gifted with a keen sense of observation, and so he picks up on many details others might miss, such as the faces of Israeli soldiers or the opinions of Lebanese taxi drivers. But still, the story is told mainly through events he observed directly -- he just happened to be there for many of the events that shaped the Middle East as it is today. He tells it in both large and small terms, from some of the politicians he met and interviewed to discussions he had with neighbors and colleagues while living in the region. The result is that you get the broad spectrum of what was going on in the region, particularly in the 1980's, a critical decade of events. I also appreciated Friedman's fairness throughout the book. From his perspective on the Lebanese government to the Palestinian intifada to the Israeli occupation to the American involvement in the region, he deals with all of the players fairly, whether big or small, famous or unknown. That's not to say he doesn't have criticisms -- certainly, he has plenty to say about everyone...but one is never left with the feeling that he has been too harsh on one side and lenient on the other. Friedman's willingness to observe with an unbiased eye and ear is key to the strength of this book. Even with the newer added chapters, dealing with the late 1980's and early 1990's, this book cannot be considered a "complete" history of the Middle East, or even of the events of the last 50 years. However, it is not meant to be that, I think. What Friedman has documented here is an excellent primer for anyone interested in learning more about how we got to where we are today in Lebanon and Israel and Palestine. The book is not an end in itself, but for someone who wants to learn more about the region that is in the news almost every day, this is an excellent place to start. The only way to avoid repeating the mistakes of the past is to learn from them. As such, 'From Beirut to Jerusalem' should be required reading today 
This book is filthy. I had to take a shower after I read it. Why doesn't he get a job? Why does he have to live in France? Why doesn't he save his money instead of investing it in alcohol and hookers? So many questions. People just think this book deserves a place on the same shelf as say James Michenier because it was banned. It was banned because it's a bad book 
Jeff Shaara never ceases to amaze. I have absolutely loved everyone of his (and his fathers)books. I have been waiting awhile for him to delve into World War 2. and he did not disappoint me. First things first, I COULD NOT put this book down. Everything about it was phenomenal. Icant explain it in any other way. Please read this book. Even if you dont like books like this it is well worth your time 
Perhaps this book appeared to be a futuristic medical thriller when it first came out, but now it seems like a bad 1950s horror movie. The story involves brain surgery gone bad, with a mix of artificial intelligence and mind control. The end of the story was very predictable and played out exactly as I suspected from the very beginning of the book. 
I read a lot of books about gay guys, girls, ect. but never have I picked up one that touched so well on the subject of homophobia. It's a simple enough story to read, compared to some other gay authors but it touches extremely well on problems that one can encounter growing up, first with weight, then intelligence, then being gay. I couldn't put it down after the first chapter 
This book was a gift given to me by a friend years ago. I own and have read about twelve books on the topic. Out of all of them, this has been by far the best. By the end it feels like a journey inside yourself has taken place and you arrive to a new destination on your insides. The feel of the book is one of love and support. Not the self-centered type, or author as guru type that I have read in other books--this one has the experience of two professional therapists that shows itself in each chapter. It made a large difference in my struggle with an eating disorder that started at age 10. I am now 44. 
This is my favorite of the series thus far. Without wanting to give too much away, this is the book in which you finally learn just exactly why Roland is willing to give up anything and everything (and clearly has) just to get to the Dark Tower. King mentions that the Dark Tower series is sort of like his Middle-Earth, where all of his stories originate in some way from this massive odyssey and world, and you see what he means with this book. Fan's of The Stand will recognize signs of the super flu within the first few hundred pages, and one of my all time favorite King villains comes back to pay his respects 
I can recite most of it from memory, I love it so! I tell people about it all the time and recommend it (along with Alexander Who Used To Be Rich Last Sunday) as a staple in every library. It's a great one to have even if you don't have kids (sometimes the little buggers show up for visits!) This book does a hilarious job of pointing out to kids that some days just stink and that you live through them anyway. The illustations have some great humor for the adults. Read it aloud to someone you love! Aura Mae, Author of Get Some Hairapy - a hairdresser's prescription for happiness 
I just finished the book last night, crying as I read the last few pages. I guess since Carole Radziwill and I are the same age and share a lot of the same interests helped capture me into this memoir and unable to put it down. It also gives you some unheard stories of the famous family. I felt like I knew Carolyn Bessette Kennedy better through this story rather than the tabloid press. She was a delightful and woman, filled with life, which makes her ending even more tragic. The book honors a beautiful friendship and a marriage tested by CANCER. It pays homage to Anthony Radizwill as well as John and Carolyn Kennendy as it lets you see them as real people rather than tabloid fodde 
I originally bought this title when it came out as a four-part mini series in 1997 and it is still one of the favorites in my collection. Kingdome Come is an Elseworlds (what if) story set approximately ten years after the retirement of Superman and subsequently nearly every other super hero. As the story unfolds, the reason Superman quit is revealed. A rival hero named Magog killed the Joker and was put on trial for murder. When the public cried out for his aquittal and it was granted, Superman quit in disgust. The results of the public choosing a hero that would kill are very apparent in the future. The children of the super heroes we know are everywhere. They hold society in a state of terror as they enforce justice and fight each other in the way they see fit, destroying property and causing chaos. Wonder Woman approaches Superman in his self-imposed exile in the nuclear wastleland that is Kansas and asks him to return and lead the former heroes in returning order. When Superman returns to the public eye in issue #2, it sets into motion an Apocalypse as described in the Bible, but with Superheroes being the catalyst. The new Justice League rounds up every violent super human and puts them into a prison designed by Mister Miracle(The world's greatest escape artist) called the Gulag. All this is shown from the viewpoint of Norman McCray, a disillusioned pastor and friend of the Golden Age Sandman. He is led on his journey by the Spectre (DC's Angel of Death) I absolutely love this story by Mark Waid, the way he wraps comic characters and events into a Biblical epic is brilliant. The painted art by Alex Ross is jaw-dropping in it's realism. The re-imagined characters are god-like in their depiction, especially the Flash- a red blur wrapped in lightning wearing a winged Greek helmet. Issue #3 ends in a cliff-hanger with all the villains rioting and breaking out of the Gulag. As Superman races to the scene, he is thrown to the ground by the only person that could, Captain Marvel. I still remember waiting for issue #4 to come out. The fight scene between Captain Marvel and Superman was voted #1 all-time by Wizard magazine and is worth the price of this trade alone. Even without this fight scene, I would rate this as one of the ten greatest mini-series ever, but with it Kingdom Come is #1. The only possible negative to this series is that you have to already know something about comics to fully appreciate all the subtleties Waid and Ross weave into this story. Nearly every DC character is pictured at least once.(A geek's paradise I guess) After reading this I actually liked Captain Marvel, who I had always seen as an even cheesier version of Superman. The fear the other heroes have of him and his power level make him hard to laugh at, despite Jerry Ordway's Power of Shazam monthly series to the contrary. I hope my description of the story has led any undecided mind to pick this up. Fabulous art and incredible writing. (This should be 5 stars, but I can't seem to edit my rating 
This is a good book for serious health nuts that have the time and energy to make simple easy recipes with a million strange ingredients that you've probably never heard of. If you plan on making lots of baby food with kelp and sea weed then this is the book for you 
Jeremy Narby's The Cosmic Serpent: DNA and the Origins of Knowledge, started out decently enough with Narby reminiscing about his days doing field work in the Amazon Basin and from there he goes over some interesting ideas regarding DNA and Serpent Myths but then all goes down hill as he suddenly becomes a follower of Intelligent Design and makes an all out attack on Darwinian Evolution and Science itself. A number of Narby's ideas regarding DNA and Shamanism are intriguing enough but he has apparently decided that all Shamanism is based on Molecular Biology, while he freely admits that he is being very reductionist on this point, I still see many problems with his view that Shamanism is based on Molecular Biology at heart. His argument mostly surrounds the symbol of the Serpent/Dragon which is present in many different mythologies often with connections to water and associations with twins. He decides that this is in actually a representation of DNA as viewed by Shamans and believes that all serpents in mythology and shamanic visions are actually DNA. Since DNA emits photons and this has been shown to possibly play a part in cell communication (along with the traditional chemical communication) Narby believes that in shamanic trances the shaman becomes able to see the light emitted by DNA (which often show up as snakes) and the shaman communicates with the individual bits of DNA (which is conscious) and the entire linked network of DNA based life. As justification for this argument he points out that some groups hold that spirits are beings of pure light, to him this is almost literally correct as the spirits are actually DNA and communicate through light as "spirits". From there he goes on to say that all ladders, staircases, and ropes in shamanic quests are representations of DNA and when the shaman uses them he is travelling along DNA and similarly when the shaman goes to the underworld he is sinking down to the world of Molecular Biology (although since one can apparently work with and see DNA in the middle world one must ask why one would need to shrink down). While these views might make for some interesting theological discussion about some shamanic practices, Narby seems to have ignored the psychological aspects of visions and quests and any elements other than snakes or other things that just happen to be long and thin. Given Narby's view of spirits as DNA one must ask what spiritual helpers/allies are? Is someone's spiritual guides DNA in some bacteria on my hand? Will I kill Yahweh by washing my hands with anti-bacterial soap (hey maybe that's why Jesus decided that washing one's hands was bad!)? A lot of his proof is like the proof of Erich von D�niken except that where D�niken saw aliens and spacecraft, Narby sees DNA and Molecules. Take for example this D�niken-esque proof from the book: "The second was a rock painting of the Rainbow Snake. I looked at it more closely and saw two things: All around the serpent there were sorts of chromosomes, in their upside-down "U" shape, and underneath it there was a kind of ladder!" (p. 79) By Chapter 10, entitled Biology's Blind Spot, Narby has decided that Evolution is Wrong and all of Science must be toppled. This bit seems to have come out of nowhere like someone spliced a Pro-Intelligent Design rant into a book where it didn't belong and as with all Pro-ID and Creationist literature we get the same old faulty attacks again and again. Attacks such as Evolution being based on a Circular argument because the most fit species survive to spread their genes and therefore are more fit. Yes, that is the definition of fitness, and sometimes the basis of things start as tautologies such as the Theory of Gravity but like Gravity Natural Selection and evolution is justified and testable by looking at it's predictive power. Population genetics and mathematics shows clearly that natural selection is very predictive and has so far not been falsified. Similarly, we can also look at the fossil record in geological strata for evidence of evolutionary change over time. After that attack Narby then attacks the Central Dogma (Which is how transcription of DNA to proteins works) by misinterpreting what Francis Crick meant. Crick never meant the word Dogma in Central Dogma to be taken in the sense it is used in religion instead he meant it as a joke name for a grand hypothesis that he had at the time little actual experimental evidence for. Narby misinterprets Crick's joke to argue that evolution is apparently Faith based, since this argument has no basis in reality it falls flat immediately. He then argues that ants and other animals are fully conscious because they do amazing things that seem to require forethought and they tap into DNA like shamans to do things. Higher animals are smart and may have consciousness but ants are pretty dumb. One is reminded of Edward Selous and others' ideas about thought-transference to explain how flocks of birds move and how ants and termites build hives, as it turns out birds flocking behaviour operates on simple instinctual rules (clustering, maintaining speed, and appropriate distance) and so are Ant Nesting behaviours. One proof of this is to put food just out of the reach of ants, and some dirt underneath, while they understand how to move earth and tunnel they will never purposely move earth to build ramps, bridges, or tunnels to reach a goal. The birds who flew in flocks and the ancestors of ants who had developed nesting behaviour managed to survive better and so these behaviours somehow became instincts and persisted. Now Narby makes the extremely tired argument that life is too complicated to be determined by chance alone, and he is correct on this matter. Too bad there is more than chance guiding evolution, we also have Natural Selection guiding the process, to quote Richard Dawkins: "Life results from the non-random survival of randomly varying replicators." The combinations which work survive and prosper and are kept in the population. Narby argues "How can a small telephone directory of information emerge from random processes?" (P. 142) to answer this I wish to quote a bit of Michael Shermer's 25 Creationists' Arguments and 25 Evolutionists' Answers which nicely illustrates how natural selection can produce Shakespeare's Hamlet quickly from random letters: "Natural selection is not "random" nor does it operate by "chance." Natural selection preserves the gains and eradicates the mistakes. The eye evolved from a single, light-sensitive cell into the complex eye of today through hundreds if not thousands of intermediate steps, many of which still exist in nature. In order for the monkey to type the first 13 letters of Hamlet's soliloquy by chance, it would take 26 to the power of 13 number of trials for success. This is 16 times as great as the total number of seconds that have elapsed in the lifetime of the solar system. But if each correct letter is preserved and each incorrect letter eradicated, the process operates much faster. How much faster? Richard Hardison constructed a computer program in which letters were "selected" for or against, and it took an average of only 335.2 trials to produce the sequence of letters TOBEORNOTTOBE. This takes the computer less than 90 seconds. The entire play can be done in about 4.5 days!" Narby also tries to argue that gaps in the fossil record such as in whale evolution and other places where there are few or no intermediate forms indicate that evolution has not occurred. This however just means that in this instance there are gaps in the fossil record because the fossils have not been found yet. Narby also points to the seemingly rapid appearance of species in the fossil record as an argument against evolution. Apparently Narby has never heard of Punctuated Equilibrium. Narby stunningly also tries to argue that because large portions of DNA is identical over many different species that this somehow indicates design, unfortunately for Narby a lot of these identical sequences of DNA code for the basic processes of life. A human who couldn't cope with oxygen or a fox which could not metabolize energy would not last long in this world. The fact that these sequences are identical is actually a point for evolution because the same processes have been preserved and we even see similar basic skeletal structures in animals even when it is not efficient or useful such as digits in the fins of dolphins or the appendix in humans. Finally, we come back full circle to his argument about Natural Selection being a form of circular logic and he ties to paint Evolution as unfalsifiable (No, we can test it's predictions in such fields as Genetics and Palaeontology) and being denounce by an increasing number of scientists (not at all true). All in all while Narby has some interesting nuggets of information and ideas in The Cosmic Serpent he ultimately seems to squander these ideas by jumping around in random directions and to strange conclusions based on very little evidence 
It's been awhile since I had a really good crime mystery read. Therefore, I was excited when The Cold Moon by Jeffery Deaver arrived at the library. The latest Lincoln Rhyme novel delivered just what I was looking for... twists, turns, and plenty of forensic work. The plotline here starts out on two tracks. A killer nicknamed The Watchmaker is murdering people using slow torture techniques. His signature is leaving a particular clock style at the scene. Rhyme and Amelia Sachs, his partner, are put on the case in order to solve it before more people die. Sachs is also running her own case involving an apparent suicide that really turns out to be a murder. The murder points to a run-down bar where a group of cops meet on a regular basis. There's a strong chance that the cops are corrupt, so Sachs has to step carefully as it's not clear who she can trust. The two cases converge when The Watchmaker is captured but the reality of his killings turn out to be a carefully staged plan to expose the corruption that Sachs is investigating. But the layering of deception goes even deeper than that, and Rhyme has to continue to dig through each apparent motive and story to finally get to the core truth behind The Watchmaker... If you want plot twists and turns, this book will definitely satisfy. There are a number of scenes that appear to be transpiring in one fashion, only to be something else entirely. The layering of plots by the killer never seems to end, and each new revelation ends up being the start of a new level of distraction. A couple of the twists seemed to be a bit over the top, but not so much as to put me off the story. It's a book I really didn't want to put down, even though I had other things I should be doing.. 
Naomi Shihab Nye is a bridge-builder. She reaches out to those of other cultures, and always expresses understanding of those sometimes forgotten in our society. A good book for all ages 
To say Christianity will die is to say that one can see the end of the world. Purely craziness. Christianity will live as long as the world exists. What is died is the faith for many Christians, what has been changed is our faith (by money, pride, and selfishness) and consequently, our church and our societies. What dominants many US and European Christian churches is a worldly Christianity, a Christianity affected by the materialism, and world-view. The exact thing that Jesus repeatedly condamned. I feel extremely sad when I can see pasters and evangelists earn 6-figure salaries, live in luxury houses, air-travel in business class, or socialize with social elite. I feel extremely sad when I see young theology students without born-again experience and spiritual life become pasters and preasts. Jesus have given us great mission: to preach gospel to every corner in the world. But money, pride, and selfishness have consumed the hearts and sole of many Christians and today they love the world more than they love Jesus. Are they still Christians? Of course not. To say Christianity needs change is purely nonesense. Only person see himself greater than Jesus would say something like that. What needs to be changed is ourselves, not Christianity. Because we have embaked a wrong way, following the world and not following Jesus. 
This is the real story about wall street firms and the way they look at their clients. Beware that you may not like the way they look at you. It is a good wake up call for those who think their broker is always looking out for their best interests. Very entertaining with great stories. You won't want to put it down! 
This book is not as good as i thought it would be. I hope i have better readings with Bryan Tracy's Advance selling 
Sphere by Michael Crichton is an excellant novel. This was certainly the hardest to put down of all of the Crichton novels that I have read. The story revolves around a man named Norman Johnson. Johnson is a phycologist. He travels with 4 other civilans to a remote location in the Pacific Ocean to help the Navy in a top secret misssion. They quickly learn that under the ocean is a half mile long spaceship. The civilans travel to a center 1000 feet under the ocean to live while researching the spacecraft. They are joined by 5 Navy personel to help them run operations. However on the surface a typhoon comes and the support ships on the surface must leave. The team of ten is stuck 1000 feet under the surface of the ocean. After a day under the sea they find out that the spacecraft is actually an American ship that has explored black holes and has brought back some strange things back to earth. This novel does not have the research that some of the other Crichton novels have, but it still has a lot of information on random things from the lawes of partial pressure to behavior analysis. I would strongly recommend this book 
I bought this book because (if I recall correctly) it was long-listed for last years ManBooker Prize and also, (this I recall) because it had good reviews here on Amazon. Anyway, I was real disappointed. I quit paying attention after page 100 and quit outright a few pages later. I found the contrasting aspects of the Father's character interesting but after awhile so contrasting they felt way off reality. Character of aunt, cousin, priest, mom etc etc also grew gratingly "perfect." This may be excessive, but after a while I felt like I was reading a bit of sophisticated version of a teen romance novel. The comparisons with God of Small Things are seriously unflattering to Roy's great book. Comparisons with (the overrated) Memoirs of a Geisha or (also not finished) One Thousand Chestnut Trees would have been more appropriate 
Peter Watson, holding a number of research degrees, offers a comprehensive intellectual history of the 20th century in this book. Not being an easy read, it takes some time to get through. The main strengths of this book are placing the intellectual development of the 20th century in its economic and social context. This is quite an achievement, considering the remarkable scientific and technological advances and the fragmentation of human knowledge into many small and specialised areas in very arcane topics. Watson tends to cover science the best, and provides excellent accounts of the development and progress of 20th century science, including the theories of relativity, quantum mechanics, scientific cosmology, evolutionary biology and the discovery of the gene. However, the book falls down in some parts where it covers philosophy. Watson dismisses Husserl's Phenomenology as 'abstract' and of little importance, when in fact Phenomenology was probably the most important philosophical school in the 20th century along with analytical philosophy, founded by Russell and Wittgeinstein, and attracted so many leading European minds to philosophy in a time when science was at its zenith of glory. Overall though, Watson's work is a very important attempt to see where we are in what we know, and where we are going. 
There is no way, you should limit yourself to just one source, this book is a second source book,(Maybe even third source). That said, It's great for looking up names, (there is a lot listed) For finding names that may not be household, then looking at better sources for more info. There is no book that has everything, every name, every movie star, if so, it costs 500.00 or the book weighs about 10 pounds. You don't want to buy a library? ok, then, it's ok by itself, its fun by itself, to just do browsing, almost, (but its not) a coffee table book. It works well with other book sources, to check, and maybe another source will prove it wrong, or "Who's Who" proves the other book wrong, when double checking. I didn't find loads of errors in here, a few, the biggest problem (as others mentioned) is very brief or not complete career lists, movies or TV they did is not complete. It's not a great book, it's a great second source book, a double check or name finder book, for movie and TV stars. At a fair price, it should be in your collection just for the reasons I mentioned. Buy it? yes, buy it 
This book is highly informative, updated to include everything up to around Hero's Trial (New Jedi Order), which makes it a must even if you already have the more presentable Star Wars Encyclopedia. While the Encyclopedia has more interesting and fact filled entrys, it's also hideousely out of date, a problem that this one would easily correct! I read it cover to cover in a few days, and was quite impressed with how much research went into it, and how few errors were made. Even so, I have to say I'd recommend this book mainly to fans experienced with EU stuff, lest they quickly become lost and overwhelmed 
Greg Treverton has written a much needed overview of the national intelligence process and correctly identified the challenges which face the US, in a post-9/11 world. His views of the world beyond 2010 are quite revealing and his challenges to the intelligence community to assess threats to the US are precisely focused. His views on the major intelligence entities reveal urgent modifications of structure and process, if the intelligence community is going to regain relevance with national customers. As a teacher of intelligence process, specifically as it relates to strategic warning, I believe this book is essential reading for anyone who aspires to be a true intelligence professional. This book will help even the wisest analyst understand how to maximize available sources and methods. The quest to provide the best possible intelligence is a goal which must be achieved. 
I'm generally into non-fiction and new to Nora Roberts, but I enjoyed "Northen Lights" very much. The book is well crafted with a believable plot and a group of quirky likeable charcters. I was sorry to finish the book and found myself wanting to vist "Lunacy Alaska" again. Final test was I ordered and sent the book to a dear very literate friend; she enjoyed it as much as I did 
The Gospel of Judas has had its fifteen minutes of fame. It is but another in an endlessly long line of stories or documents meant to shake the foundations of the Christian faith. Like its many predecessors, it gave National Geographic and anti-Christian authors an opportunity to voice their dissension with the biblical story of Jesus. A book titled The Gospel of Judas shot to near the top of the bestsellers lists and nearly as quickly, shot straight back down. Still, while its popularity was short-lived, it allowed Bart Ehrman and other revisionists a chance to laud the epistle for its new insights into the life of Christ. Surely Ehrman forever cast doubt upon his credibility as a historian when he blathered, "(The Gospel of Judas) is one of the greatest historical discoveries of the twentieth century. It rivals the finding of the Dead Sea Scrolls or the Gnostic Gospels of Nag Hammadi." National Geographic describes the importance of the document in this way: "The Gospel of Judas gives a different view of the relationship between Jesus and Judas, offering new insights into the disciple who betrayed Jesus. Unlike the accounts in the canonical Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, in which Judas is portrayed as a reviled traitor, this newly discovered Gospel portrays Judas as acting at Jesus' request when he hands Jesus over to the authorities." A classically dualistic, gnostic document, The Gospel of Judas presents a Jesus who is seeking to escape from the corruption of this physical world and asks Judas to betray Him so He can be free of this wickedness. Judas complies and shows himself to be a hero, rather than a villain. No longer the betrayer, He is a faithful friend to Jesus Christ. Renowned New Testament scholar N.T. Wright is the first Christian to my knowledge to write a thorough refutation of the teachings of The Gospel of Judas. Judas and the Gospel of Jesus is due for publication in October of 2006 and will be published by Baker Books. It is a short book, weighing in at only 144 pages, but provides a thorough treatment of the subject matter. Wright is fair to this newly published document. He does not say that there is no value in The Gospel of Judas for surely there is, for it tells us much about the gnosticism that was a great opponent of early Christianity. It gives historians access to an authentic, original document. But it tells us nothing about the real Jesus and the real Judas. Those who would have us believe that this letter provides details about the real life of the real Jesus can be little more than revisionists. Wright shows that such people believe in what he calls "the new myth of Christian origins." This myth, popularized by men such as Bart Ehrman, has three main teachings: first, Jesus was not as the canonical gospels portray Him; second, there were a great many different varieties of early Christianity, and they produced a large number of different "gospels," all of which circulated among Christians more or less unchecked; third, when Christianity became consolidated in the fourth century, many teachings about the "true" Christian faith were rejected. "Classic Christianity," he says, "has a lot more life and promise than have ever been imagined by those who propose the new Myth, or by those who offer newly discovered gnostic texts as the panacea for our ills. It is a shame that the churches have been so muzzled, so often self-blinded to the full dimensions of the gospel they profess, the gospel of Jesus himself." Through this short book, Wright asks good questions and insightfully shows where The Gospel of Judas simply cannot be held as equal in any way to Scripture. He shows himself to be a New Testament scholar the equal of any involved in promoting this new gospel. While the document appears to be genuine, it is little different and little more significant than the multitudes of other gnostic writings which have come down to us, even two millenia later. It is perhaps somewhat ironic that N.T. Wright, who has reimagined and reinvented many of the teachings of Paul (and thus Jesus), would be the first to make a stand for the truth against others who would seek to reinvent Jesus. Unfortunately, Wright's New Perspectives are glimpsed, even if only dimly, through much of the text of this book. Still, he offers a compelling response to Ehrman and others and one well worth reading. I would tend to believe that, for most people, The Gospel of Judas is best ignored. It offers little that would be of interest to the average person. For those who do have interest in it, Judas and the Gospel of Jesus will no doubt prove an interesting response to the irrational views espoused by those who wish to reinvent Christianity and to cast doubt upon Scripture 
The twist here is that the reader knows while the characters do not. In a matter of minutes, nine people's fates are determined by three men sitting in a jail cell. Simply playing a "game" to pass the time, each man names three people he'd like to see killed. When the first man is released, three people become a target as he follows through with the game. The first in a trilogy, Dead Wrong gets it dead right. Mara Douglas is on one of the men's list, and it's up to Aidan Shields to protect her. While the book is decidedly light on the traditional sex part of a romantic suspense, it is implied. I liked both characters, and Aidan avoids being the atypical surly alpha male with surprising charm and affection. I can't wait for Dead Certain, which follows the second man as he is released from jail and takes up the gauntlet thrown down by the first man. I got this one from the library, but I certainly will buy the next two 
Immanuel Kant is truly one of the most influential moral philosophers in history; and with this book, Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals, he positioned himself far further. In this book you will find things to be deeply contemplated, about "good will", the moral value of conduct and its metaphysical aspects. This translation of the Kant's original Grundlegung von Metaphysik der Sitten to English is quiet easy to understand, so it is relatively an easy-reading book 
Never received the book, so very disappointed at the delivery process and cost I have incurred 
I picked this book up after reading both Books in the Bartimeus Trilogy and was excited to see what else Jonathan Stroud could conjure up. This book was a let down. I just couldn't get into the plot. I even found the story somewhat disturbing and eerie, especially for young children to read. There are very evil characters in this book who would be much better suited for an adult sci-fi novel, rather than a book marketed for children and young teens. The characters were unlikeable, and the plot just never seemed to grab my attention. I was very dissapointed that this is from the same author who wrote the amazing Bartimeus trilogy books! Well, I figured I would add my two cents in and let people know I just didn't like this book 
It is not often I reread a book but this was well worth it. It is the true story of a cracker who set about trying to break into computer networks and how people from system administrators to the FBI try to stop him. Written in the style of a thriller, you are swept along in amazement at the exploits of the cracker. If this doesn't alter your view of internet security nothing will. On the down side it becomes a chore trying to keep all the players straight in one's head, it is indeed a cast of many. Although somewhat geeky at times and it does help to have some background in computer networking it won't prevent you from enjoying what is surely the most bizarre story of internet hacking you will read 
A WONDERFULLY TOLD CAT-TAIL! THE ILLUSTRATIONS ARE LOVELY AND APPROPRIATE TO THE PLAYFUL THEME OF THE BOOK 
McDonald's is one of the great symbols of America, and most countries around the world absolutely love McDonald's. If you want to know the history of the mega-giant corporation, this is a good starting place. We are capitalists in America - we love making money, and that can only be considered a good thing. McDonald's embodies much of the American spirit and American dream. Sure, the food isn't healthy - as if that's a newflash for anyone these days. But eating it in moderation is not harmful in any way. Oh, and westcoaster (below) didn't actually read this book prior to reviewing it - that person just has a problem with successful business-people earning money. If you don't have that problem, read the book and marvel at the entrepreneurial spirit. And to Hades with the naysayers - come to think of it, I'm outta here - gotta grab a Quarter Pounder with cheese, baby 
This book should be a mandatory read for every parent parent to be. What an eye opener!!! This book gives you things to look for in predators...how they operate. There are comments from real predators as well as victims. The book can be difficult to read at times. People are truly sick! But it gives parents power in what to look for how talk to your child(ren). MUST READ! 
The Concept of Mind is a great book for several reasons. The main reason to me is that Ryle clarifies the concept of being human, while he uses language in a natural way. In stead of constructing concepts based on (for example scientific) assumptions, he shows what we already see as obvious, just by pointing out what we mean with our ordinary language. He is far from reductionistic; mark the subtle irony: 'Man need not be degraded to a machine by being denied to be a ghost in a machine. He might, after all, be a sort of animal, namely, a higher mammal. There has yet to be ventured the hazardous leap to the hypothesis that perhaps he is a man. 
This book is for lovers of Robicheaux. His demons seem put to rest, redemption seems almost within his grasp - and yet the worst mayhem ever occurs within these pages. The poetry and sense of regret for lost innocence pervade Burke's prose as always, but his anger at humanity's shortcomings is bubbling volcanically just beneath the surface. Hurricane Katrina features as a force both of destruction and cleansing. A bit like Robicheaux himsel 
With "Dead Watch", Sanford has delivered a political thriller that is fully worthy of mention alongside his popular police-procedural Prey series. I share the Booklist reviewer's sentiment that Sandford has produced a D.C. intrigue reminiscent of Ross Thomas (a VERY good thing!). My biggest beef with Dead Watch is the bland characterization of Jake Winter (though Sandford does do a good job of making Winter not be Lucas Davenport); nearly every other character has more personality-pizzazz. Not to worry though, the Madison Bowe character and the breakneck speed of the story more than make up for that shortcoming. If I'd been turning pages any faster, I'd have probably started a fire. 
Tom Friedman is a engaging writer. He also writes from a very personal perspective, both as to how the world has changed for him and his family, and for his friends around the world. You get the feeling that Mr. Friedman is describing the world changing as he is watching. What a treat and a very easy read. Pick it up and learn about what is really going on outside the US shores 
A work of art, Makine's use of language is stunning. Not a quick read, I frequently had to stop and ponder many profound passages. Literature as an art form is not dead 
We love this book - Mom and Two Year old included! Gerald the giraffe finds music that he loves and is able to dance like never before. Fun text, colorful illustrations. This is a book we have read over and over in our house. Has a great message about finding the music that works for you. I love it so much I bought a copy for our niece! 
First, I am a very open-minded person, raised by a hippy/Biker family. I really expected to identify with this book. While I appreciate the what Ina May's movement accomplished during its time, I felt like the book was almost a joke--verging more on detailing accounts of an occult community--A community of people living on old school buses in the woods, delivering each other's babies. The language is terrible---everything is described as "psychedelic," etc--one woman even referred to her female parts using the big "p" word. While they try to add a personal touch by including individual narrations, it sounds more like a compilation of uneducated people describing their birth stories the way they were pressured to believe---NOBODY mentions feeling pain during labor. Honestly, I feel that the pressure of the community was so intense they wouldn't have admitted to pain if they could. Also, many of the accounts were extremely erotic---couple are encouraged to fondle one another during labor to keep connected and relaxed. In some accounts, a couple would be making out, while a midwife would massage the birthing mother in her "laboring parts"--turning the woman on and keeping her relaxed. Not my cup of tea. I had so little respect for the lifestyle and the language of the people that I didn't get much out of the book 
The plot is good but there are about 200 pages too many. Why a full chapter to tell us what the protagonists are thinking about the attach case, when we already know it was not in the car and we could tell them where it is? We know where the precious document is : another useless quest. People are murdered by the half dozen, the characters are outrageous, most of the time improbable, and I felt the semi-erotic swimming episode totally stupid, not to mention the girl apologizing constantly about it. I have read much better books than that. Sorry.. 
Well in my opinion, there is no longer any doubt that some things appear to be flying in our skies, and some people have had some unusual experiences (mostly disturbing, but some apparrently enlightening), but the question is, is it all as it seems? The fact of the matter is, various military branches from around the globe have real hardware that could easily fool us. Holographic projections can and are used to place images within our skys (this is related to controversial theories surrounding the 911 events); there are devices that can manipulate brain waves and neuronal excitation to have people hallucinate any scenario; advanced, drug manipulated hypnotic techniques can control memories and behaviour; implants have been around for decades and have even gone mainstream now (Verichip). I'm not saying that other lifeforms don't exist in the Universe (far from it), and perhaps there are a number of entities here on Earth carrying out agendas, but this idea that there are little, menacing Greys abducting us for various sinister reasons without immense COLLUSION seems suspect. It smells of classic fear mongering that the elite love to push on us. Historically, there's been the Barbarians, Huns, Mongols, Pagans, Jews, Christians, Vikings, black Natives, Cannabals, red Natives, Mexicans, Germans, Nazis, Communists, now the Arabs and the next logical conclusion is some evil force off planet because they have used all the boogey men on Earth. Even President Reagan set us up for this scenario in an infamous speech in the late 80's. The fact is that with known technology (not including whatever they may have that has not been leaked), they could quite easily pull the hoax off. Even genetic manipulation and cloning is much further advanced and PRACTICED (albeit "underground") than most people can fathom. What has become another fact is the major extent to which the UFO community has been infiltrated and compromised, of which Strieber has been front and centre at various times. My belief is that Strieber is part of this fear mongering campaign, sponsored by the elite and carried out by various military and government groups. In this book, his "hard-evidence" is flimsey and suspicious. For example, why wouldn't super advanced Aliens using implants design them such that they are entirely organic and of shapes that mimic human tissue (thus not showing up on any X-ray, MRI, CT, etc)? And design them such that they quickly break down when removed from the body? Surely, this would be child's play for Alien scientists? Why no major discussion or mention of the human military, or NAZI connection with abductions? There seems to be a growing number of victims who are recalling strange "fragments" of memories that are slipping through various memory covers. Why are they mentioning cooperation of human doctors and nurses with the Greys? Why are they mentioning swastikas and other known military insignias on uniforms? Why are some speaking English, others German? Why is there a connection with deep, underground bases and specifically Antartica? These are things Strieber never mentions, which I find curious. My point is, things are happening, but it has become nearly impossible to ascertain what, and Strieber's books seem to cloud the issues and possibly even advance certain agendas. 
I borrowed this from my sister-in-law to read. It is the first Barr book I have read. I did not like it because of several reasons. First of all, THE VULGAR LANGUAGE was too much. One can write a fantastic thriller without words that are in the gutter. Second, it was so mundane for a mystery. The writer could have made this a very interesting book with the setting being in Yellowstone National Park. Someone needs to give me a book of Barr's to prove that she can write an interesting book using words that are common to our daily language instead of trash talk. (By that I mean words one would use in professions of integrity.) 
A book on the theme of having the courage to deepen family ties. That's a good theme. However, the author can't leave well enough alone. He really goes after people without kids as though they all, regardless of their circumstances, remind him of his former self: someone with too much cynicism and cowardice to raise a family even though that's obviously the "only" way to become a complete person. Each chapter introduces a family and a crisis. The people, who range from southern Americans to Turkish Muslims to Protestant Irish in Belfast, are terrific. But the author goes off the deep end on page 47: "Now there are cities full of professional women and men who wholeheartedly echo this feeling [not wanting children]. They go around saying things like I'm too selfish to be a mother, or I'm not a baby person, or my favorite, I love my life too much to do that to it. A friend of mine calls them the Petrified Forest - people who would freeze their life in time if they could. 'Manhattan's turning into a Petrified Forest,' my friend mocked. I [Bronson] winced when she said this, because I used to be one of them. When the Petrified Forest imagines parenthood, their hearts are flooded with the feeling of doors closing, not opening ... In our society today, parenthood is on trial." Well, hardly. Bronson is making a lot of assumptions about childless people. Everyone doesn't need to have a baby just because Bronson found it a refreshing alternative to preserving his immaturity. I'm all for individuals pursuing the particular life that makes them happy, but they should never push their specific solution upon the rest of us. In conclusion, read this book if you want to, but be aware of the bias. 
My almost-6 year old daughter was diagnosed with autism at age 2 and we took a multi-pronged approach, including things like supplements, a GFCF diet, and OT/PT/speech. After a year on the GFCF diet and many specialized supplements and no change in behaviors, we went back to a normal diet with standard vitamin supplements and continued her behavioral therapies. Our close friends' daughter, now age 4 and also diagnosed with autism, took a similar approach, but even more strict, following the DAN protocol as well as the recommendations of this book, including chelation, a dizzying array of supplements, GFCF diet, OT/PT/Speech, ABA, etc. While our child has made tremenous advances, or friends' child has not, beyond minor advances related to her age--at 4, she is still non-verbal, far from potty trained, exhibits many repetitive behaviors, and needs constant verbal and visual cues for the simplest tasks. The point I am trying to make is that every child is different and no one, NO ONE has shown that one course of therapy cures or even convincingly improves a significant percentage of children with autism. Autism, as most of you likely know well, is a catch-all term. Our friends' daughter no doubt has a very different kind of pathology than ours. I have yet to really see a book or study address that fact first and foremost before offering a course of action, rather than immediately launching into predictions of one "cure" for a broad range of issues. While I do think some of what the author recommends can be helpful (and it really may offer a tremendous help for some children with autism), some of the therapies (like chelation) can be very dangerous--in fact, I have yet to see one of the many families who tried chelation therapy see *any* improvement in their child's symptoms. I have seen more success with GFCF diets (for a small percentage of children), but the greatest success seems to come with comprehensive behavioral therapy. I certainly understand where families are coming from--I have been there myself, but treating your child like a guinea pig and attempting to "cure" them with multiple substances that have had very little study/peer review in a desperate frenzy of worry is both dangerous to their bodies and destructive to their emotions. As with anything, balance is your approach will serve you and your child well. 
I have enjoyed all of David Gemmell's work but this one takes the prize. It contains sorrow, great sacrifice, courage, honor, and some of the best battles every written. It is easy to see the scenes and the people as you read, the characters are ones you will become attached to. If you love fantasy that involves warfare and courage with people making the best of a bad situation and with no magic items to save the day, you will love this book 
I wanted to like this book. It's a great size for carrying around to dip into. However, I'd say about a third, or maybe more, I haven't counted, are anonymous. Here's an example: "Life is filled with possibilities" p31. Now I don't know about you, but I'd hardly class that as great stuff from great minds. Then I read "Decide what is worthwhile and follow through with it" and I'm beginning to yawn. When I came to "Above all, life should be fun" and "Always keep a window open in your mind for new ideas" and I'm just about ready to throw the book into the garbage. Also, the format of the book is terrible. Someone decided to put every quote into a little frame, so you get four quotes on a page. Still, for the price, it's not that bad. No, on second thoughts it's pretty dire. There's just too many pathetic jingles in here for me, which only motivate me to demand a refund! If I were you, I'd save my money and put it towards something else - "The Book of Positive Quotations" has 7000 quotes and I wouldn't be without my copy 
Like pretty much anything in which Neil's involved, this a fine and useful work. The reviews of Teddy Millon's Axis II taxonomic extensions are worth most of the considerable price of admission here all by themselves. But after 30 years in the field, I'll warn any newcomers that getting any too rigid with treatment plan rollouts will make you as nuts at the people you're treating. As -guidelines- with notions about starting points and signposts along the way, however, these are very useful. Neil's six-step Treatment Outline seems a bit oddly ordered, and I wasn't able to find a rationale for determining diagnosis in the final step (when you have to lay one on the client's payment guarantor at the outset). But otherwise, the six steps are another handy construction among several now available. If you're fairly new in the field, this will be a real handy reference, but don't stake the clients' lives (or your own serenity) on this when they start to go refractive. 
Thank you, Dr. Null, for holistically addressing the health concerns that are predominant in women. The politics behind female healthcare are shocking and frightening. You put it all into perspective within these covers. You also saved me from the quandary of what to buy all the women in my family for Christmas. You're insightful and have a wealth of helpful information. Bless you 
This book is a wonderful all-color rendition which has important factual information on the tallest man, the tripling of the population in the past half century and the spectacular Olympus Mons on the Marsian surface- just to mention a few of the many features contained. The book is perfect for student projects in science and the arts. It well worth the price charged 
Found recipes dated, layout makes it difficult to use and although some of the how-to is useful, its generally from another era. Bought Gourmet cook book instead 
I love this book - such a great novel detailing the friendship and bonds of a group of women over the years. I'll be re-reading it 
This is the second Nevada Barr that I have read. I picked it up on the strength of Deep South, which I thought was really terrific. It was frustrating that nearly all of what I liked about Deep South was missing from Flashback. Flashback is structured with interwoven narratives which involve both the real-life murder and a civil war mystery related to Anna Pigeon's own family. The civil war story (told through letters and dream-like sequences) is clearly intended to add a note of gothic mystery to the story. Some may like the flavor that this element provides, but for me it dilutes the elements of the writing that I most enjoy. I really liked the crisp realism of Deep South, and felt that the style put it a cut above most books in the genre. Flashback, on the other hand, felt painfully contrived. The plot line with the letters was extremely unrealistic and (to my mind) unnecessary. If you like historical mysteries with a gothic flavor more than you like realism in a detective novel, then you will probably be significantly less bothered than I was by Flashback. Barr at least made a clear choice with her approach to the book. Judging from the reviews, not everyone had a negative reaction to the interwoven plot lines. I will go ahead and pick up a third Barr book, because I did like Deep South so much. It was disappointing to have not had my high hopes realized with my second outing, but hope that it can be redeemed with a third. 
I read this book and hated it; I was sorry I wasted my money.... Normally, I would have donated the book ater reading it. But, in this case I was so disappointed, I threw the book away after reading it. I was disappointed with the author for scrubbing the language so clean that the area she set the book in could have been anywhere in the US. I was also disapponted in the Oprah book club selection committee. It seemed to me they found a "story" they liked, and that is where their critical thinking ended. It was the only and last Oprah book selection I ever bought. After reading it, it was obvious to me that whoever had chosen the book for the Oprah club had never been to western Pa. I am from western PA as is O'Dell and this book lacks local color. She either forgot or choose to ignore that language is also a part of the landscape of a locale. Landscape is just not about dysfunctional families, EatnParks and religious statues in the yards.... People in that area of PA say "ain't," "slippy," and "youns." This would be esp. true for someone like the main character, Harley. (There are people with college degrees from this area who still have "color" in their language.) O'dell is no Faulkner or Caufield. I find this lack of "local flavor" with a lot of modern authors. Unfortunately, our books are even becoming Mcdonaldized. There is nothing special about this book 
I loved this book. I love it so much, I want to give copies to my sisters, my friends and to get my husband to read it. The ideas seem so simple and straight forward, that when you read it, you say "of course, I can do that in my life." Much of it covers identifying your goals, focusing on those and affirming that you can achieve them. I found it very rational and not just wishful thinking. I really like the exercises included in some chapters. One exercise was to write a description of what would be a your perfect day. He explains the purpose of each exercise and ask questions/gives direction for carrying it out. It's the type of book that can be sampled and parts re-read at intervals to reinforce your efforts for a happier life 
"GPU Gems 2" edited by Matt Pharr (Addison-Wesley, 2005, ISBN 0-321-33559-7) is a collection of forty-eight white papers that detail cutting edge techniques based on today's latest graphical processing units (GPU). The full color hardcover text is 784 pages and includes a CD-ROM with working demos and source for some of the articles presented in the book. The text retails for $59.99. The book is divided into six parts: geometric complexity, shading, high-quality rendering, general purpose computation on the GPU, image oriented computing, and numerical algorithms. A part has anywhere from five to twelve chapters. Each chapter is written by a different author but the format and style is consistent. The chapters have an introduction, discussion of the problem or technique, conclusion, and references. The material is presented with color illustrations and occasionally some pseudo-code or code fragments. Generally, the material is extremely current and very approachable to read. As a sequel to its well received predecessor, the text focuses on taking advantage of the computational power and features of today's high-powered GPU boards. The first part of the book, geometric complexity, emphasizes this with chapters dedicated to batch rendering, using multi-streaming, hardware occlusion, and displacement pixel-shaders. Each chapter illustrates how operations traditionally performed on the CPU can be moved into the GPU for efficiency and greater effect. The subsequent two parts on shading and rendering continue along the same theme: improved performance by using hardware functionality found on the GPU. Each topic considers the performance ramifications and GPU capabilities when discussing the problem domain of a rendering technique and factors it into the final solution. For example, chapter 10 considers irradiance environment maps for fast lighting - but with a twist - using the GPU to do the calculations in real-time. In doing so, the book's real value becomes apparent. The fourth part on general purpose GPU computation is an interesting addition to the text. The chapters illustrate methods of offloading traditional CPU tasks by exploiting the inherent parallel nature of modern GPU hardware. Since the book features Nvidia hardware, the architecture and performance capabilities largely focused on their products. In the fifth part of the book, hardware assisted image creation and analysis is considered. By using context clues from the spatial, texture, or lighting data - additional refinements can be made to a scene prior to rasterization. The topics presented in this part are further refinements of the text's main theme (using the GPU fully) and are specific solutions to uncommon problems - or approaches to rasterization. None the less as GPUs continue to evolve, the topics presented in this section will undoubtedly become more common. Finally, the sixth part of the book provides several non-traditional graphics examples to illustrate calculating data on the GPU: solving linear equations, options pricing, and numerical simulation - just to name a few. As using the raw floating point power of modern GPU is a growing trend - these sections were quite interesting and well done. The included CD-ROM contains examples to 28 of the 48 articles in the book. In most cases, the example material includes source code as well as pre-compiled binaries to help illustrate the topic presented in the text. In order to run the majority of the samples, Cg must be installed on the host computer. In addition, the CD-ROM provides access to Nvidia's software development kit, Cg toolkit, performance tools, and several helpful reference links to on-line sites. GPU Gems 2 provides a cutting edge view of the capabilities found in today's video cards. The selected articles illustrate that every part of the rendering process can be enhanced in some fashion by fully using the underlying hardware. As such, this book is essential to anyone working with modern GPUs. 
This is the first book I've ever returned. While a lot of what she does is admirable and does work (the "You" form instead of "Lord/He" works very well), two things make it unusable: constant use of "Beloved" for the word "God" or "Lord" becomes irritating very quickly, and she subjectively pops out the word "enemies" wherever it appears and puts in "fears." I wouldn't dare tell someone with AIDS or a refuge or whomever that their only enemy is their own fears, and even for others such overpersonalization doesn't work. The classic 137th Psalm was unrecognizable -- where did the dolphins come from 
Even though you know before you start reading that this book will have a happy ending, it is a fun read. A well written and pleasant book. One of the best of this falls crop. I am already waiting for the next book in the series 
Between the "Glamour Shots Easy Sex, Different Babys' Daddys" What else is there? Oh yeah, the many scripture quotes abortion info. Dont forget unprotected sex with every man she dates. Dont forget letting a strange man pick your daughter up from school. Poor Amber! This gave me insight alright, on how dysfunctional Amber Frey is. Shame on her for using Laci's photo! I hope that she spends her profits on much needed therapy a Tubal Ligation! 
truly and surely one of the best comic strips ever! were you to be sick in bed and need something to make you laugh, this is the best medicine 
I was stunned at how much I enjoyed this book. I had avoided it for years since I was not a big fan of the movie. This book really explains well both the history of the Civil War (troop movements, etc) as well as the personalities of its participants. It is an intimate portrayal of these characters, especially Lee and Jackson. I found it to be quite compelling and I'm looking forward to book three of the trilogy 
This book may be as well called "the chicken soup for the writing-it-down souls". The author illustrates her points by telling many uplifting stories. However, if you are a self-help reader like me who is used to David Allen's "Getting Things Done", you may find that storytelling is distracting and not as convincing as it can 
Nora's "In The Garden" Trilogy was great, but I must say not her best. Her characters are so life-like and you actually feel like you're part of the story. She's a phenomenal author and I have not come across anything of hers that I have not thoroughly enjoyed. I also highly recommend "The Three Sisters Island Trilogy." By far my favorite. Happy Reading! 
The third book of a series and follow the story line. I have not finished it yet but am enjoying it 
I was excited to see the book with recipes for the "14 Super Foods" after reading Steven Pratt's book, but was very disappointed. Yes, the recipes do use the "14 Super Foods", but also use such ingredients as shortening, Cheez Whiz, and yellow cake mix - hardly healthy! If you are interested in eating good, healthy meals made with the "14 Super Foods", don't buy this book 
What a bunch of high school hallway gossip! The author does not know the difference between white and albino! The 'genetics' discussions on color (which includes people, chickens, horses, and dogs - all of it suspect) and mutts vs. purebred dogs are total claptrap! I confess, I couldn't get past page 87 when the author explains that 'one of the reasons wolves turned into dogs was that nursing human mothers probably adopted orphaned wolf cubs and nursed them at their breasts along with their human babies.' WHAT?? A waste of my hard-earned $. Having read those parts I cannot believe anything that went before or that follows, not that I'm reading any further. How is a multi-published author allowed to put such uneducated 'information' into print? And now she's influenced readers -- a terrible situation. Publisher, where are your pre-publication reviews? Shame on you for allowing this ignorant speculation to be published! 
Professor Solove comments about me on page 147 are out and out lies. Search washingtonpost.com news archives for "john and holt and and gsa" for the true story. John Emory Holt 
Al Gore is making a good road to tell us the facts on Global Warming , but he is missing the fact that in 3-4 years we will have the New Ice Age coming and Billion of people on Earth will die and he is missing 40-60 % of the cause of the Global Warming. The book is good and bad. We can stop this Global Warming in one month. But we cant' do it untill we will expose the real cause of it. Think about: in one month we can stop it. Each month ( in the next 2 years )we will postpone the truth is just bad. The movie is good and bad. Is bad in 90% and good in 10%. He put enormous work in it , so many government agencies he is using for this ( mostly) But he is missing the main point. He will need to change that in the next movie and this is the main point. As a government employee he will never be able to tell the truth. is going to be all the time wixh wash.... We will need to get this work from this stage and do it under an independent ( no government involvement) study. Adria 
Still a great read, but not as good as Tender at the Bone and Comfort Me with Apples. Foodies will love the continued insight into restaurant review protocol, but the author really shines when she remembers early food experiences with her mom, dad and other relatives and friends. The highs are not as high, nor the lows as low in Garlic and Sapphires. Reichl has a long way to go to lose me as a reader; that said, I hope she has a few more early memories to incorporate in her next book 
I am a Lutheran church librarian and I am glad I bought this very satisfactory book for our church library. Its text stresses that children are the same the world over. They have the same feelings and needs, and have the same hopes and dreams. The illustrations are a nice change from the usual. Each page is surrounded by a gold picture frame in which faux jewels are embedded. The illustrations appear to be tempera or opaque watercolor, drawn in Persian style. The colors are very saturated. The book's cover gives you an idea of what they look like. The message of this book is one of diversity--that even though children live in different parts of the world and may have different nationalities, races, ethnicities, languages or faiths, they still have the same hopes, dreams and daily needs. This is a very important message for children to hear in today's world where there is so much suspicion of those we "perceive" to be different. The more children realize that kids are the same everywhere, the more tolerant they will be. Children pick up prejudice by the time they are three years of age, say researchers, so you have to nip it in the bud very early, and this book does that in a wonderful way. 
Stephen King has made another novel full of horror and suspense. The biggest storm ever is about to hit a town called Little Tall Island in Maine. While this storm is occuring a strange gentleman named Andre Linoge stops to visit. He walks up to a home owned by an old woman Martha Clarendon. Linoge charges in the old womans home and brutily murders her. Later, he purposly lets the police department arrest him 
In his book, The Four Agreements, Don Miguel Ruiz, embodies four principles for experiencing personal freedom in life. He says that we should be impeccable with our words, not to take anything personally, don't make assumptions, and to always do our best. The basis for some of the agreements we make with ourselves stem from early childhood training through a series of rewards and punishments from our parents. He calls this process "domestication" (p. 6). Ruiz says that 95% of the beliefs we hold are nothing but lies and that most of our agreements are based upon the fear of rejection. The agreements that he gives are meant to free us from the emotional bonds that get in the way of our personal energy and to transform our lives. While there are various nuggets of truth throughout the book, some of it goes off into the abyss where he takes a thought and carries it to what I would consider to be to be an illogical conclusion. In some instances he uses biblical scripture to support his claims; however, in looking further, he takes some of the passages from the Bible out of context. Some of his ideas are presented as if they were new ideas, but I would think most of us by a young age, should already an understanding of these principles. Although his book has been highly rated, I hold the position that Mr. Ruiz lacks credibility and logic as a writer, therefore, losing good standing with me as a reader. According to Ruiz, as children we are not given the opportunity to choose our own beliefs. When we go against the rules we are punished (or rewarded for compliance). The fear of rejection leads us to agree with, or become something that we are not. In essence, we become a carbon copy of someone else, such as our parents. He says our normal tendencies are lost and we judge other people based upon these agreements. He boldly states, lacking statistical data to back it up, that 95% of our beliefs are based upon a lie (13). The implication is that we are merely nothing more than a society of mindless, "domesticated" individuals, hurting ourselves, judging and victimizing other people along the way. This kind of thinking negates the teachings associated with parenthood and the positive aspects they bring to our lives. By his interpretation, if 95% of what we believe is a lie, then 95% of what our parents taught us is also a lie. I would disagree. There are many people who exist today as viable, productive members of society who I'm sure would point out they too became a copy of someone else's beliefs and values. If these role models are only filling our heads with lies and teaching us how not to be ourselves, by his interpretation, we don't need parents, teachers, or leaders. He undermines our personal paradigms and omits that as adults we do have the ability to choose a different path, which I believe is our right of passage. By his rational we lose the ability to choose our own destiny. Instead, we become victims of it. One of the few things we agree upon is his first agreement, be impeccable with your word; however, he misquotes the bible (John 1:1) when he says "In the beginning was the word and the word was with God, and the word was God." He uses it to epitomize the use of "word" as in what one speaks (26). Looking a little further down in that passage, it also says "The word was made flesh and dwelt among us". This passage is not talking about a form of speech, or speaking, but rather "Jesus Christ". Christ became flesh and dwelt among us. In that same chapter he says that "sin begins with rejection of yourself" (31). However, in Christianity it says that sin is a transgression of the law (1 John 3:4) and that sin is neglecting to do God's will (James 4:7). It's not about self, but about disobeying God's ordinances. While I agree that watching what we say is something we all need to strive for, this is not a new concept. Most children have learned by the age of 6 that if you don't have something nice to say, don't say it at all. In his second agreement, don't take anything personally; he says that nothing people do is because of you. While this is true to some degree, he leads the reader down a path of illogical extremes when he says that even if someone took a gun and shot you in the head, it was nothing personal. So in essence, when Mary Jo Buttafuoco was shot by Amy Fisher, her expression of displeasure regarding Amy's behavior was nothing more than a fundamental form of projection because according to Ruiz "you are dealing with yourself, not me" (51). No, realistically, Mary Jo Buttafuoco was shot because Amy Fisher wanted her dead. This kind of logic encourages victims to remain in dysfunctional relationships and perpetrators to continue abusing victims. As an American, I'm glad that someone took 9/11 personally. According to Mr. Ruiz he takes neither destructive nor constructive criticism. It seems arrogant to place myself so far above reproach, that I would turn a deaf ear to all forms of criticism. When my College writing professor, gave me his opinion regarding my work, if I were following the authors line of reasoning, I would believe that my professor was "trying to poison my mind and was feeding me his emotional garbage" as Mr. Ruiz suggests (49). I would rather believe that my instructor has my best interests at heart and is seeking to teach me how to become a better writer. Another agreement is about not making assumptions in life. He says when we make assumptions, in essence, we create unnecessary drama. Unfortunately we live in a world where that is not entirely possible. Assumption is a necessary part of a thought and reason; even within the scientific community a hypothesis (or assumption) is formed in order to test a theory. In order come to school each day I must make assumptions that my instructor has a college degree, and that he or she must be reliable enough in life to make it to work everyday. In his forth agreement, always do your best, he claims it is based upon the actions of the other three agreements, stating they will only work if you do your best. Again, these are fundamental principles that almost any child has learned. While Ruiz does indeed present some viable ideas, his concepts begin to unravel when he doesn't back up his statements with facts, but instead takes a basic concept and follows an illogical line of reasoning to reach his final conclusion. I can't completely discount everything that he says, but he lost credibility with me by some of his assumptions and weak rationalizations. 
While the Brooklyn Bridge is the oldest of the bridges crossing the East River, it's one of the strongest, sturdiest and will most likely outlast the Manhattan and Williamsburg bridges. John Roebling and his son, Washington, did not know how the forces of nature and bridge loads would affect their bridge. Given this gap in their knowledge they overcompensated by building a bridge capable of withstanding forces many times greater than would ever be applied to their structure. But the Roeblings' gaps in knowledge also worked against them. One of the most interesting portions of the book is where McCullough discusses the pressurized caissons beneath the East River where Washington Roebling and many his workers spent their time. Few doctors or engineers at the time knew how high pressure environments would affect the human body. The quick changes in pressure killed workers and left many, including Washington, with a condition known as the bends. Washington's wife, Emily, was forced to transform herself into chief engineer while Washington struggled with the bends. There are lots of fascinating facts and tidbits throughout this book on the bridge and the people involved with its construction. McCullough's book is much more about the politics and people behind Brooklyn Bridge rather than the engineering. I would have preferred to read more about the engineering techniques, but I still found this book reasonably engaging. 
i am a kindda new wife but struggling with learning how to grow up and not be a nag. stormie is very easy to understand in her book and can relate to almost anyone. like another person said i do feel like this book was written just for me. the written prayers help me bc sometimes i dont know how to pray for my husband and this gives u the words to say and scripture to back up everything she says. also, it helps me more importantly be a better wife. this isnt a book to try to get ur way and mold and change ur husband. i'd say its about giving urself up to The Lord to change u and make u a better wife . and praying for ur husband is selfless and probably one of the most important things u could be doing. i highly recommend this book, highly. it changed me almost instantly! 
Someday, I would love to travel to the places that Ann Rule writes about! As she is so discriptive, I usually feel like I have known these places, and the people she writes about, although...I have never been. These cases she presents in NO REGRETS, are as REAL to me, as if I'd known them, and felt the sorrow of their loss! My personal favorite was A Very Bad Christmas..I usually like her Christmas ones, like Black Christmas in Vol.2! I have always planned to review all her books (of which I own), they are all wonderful, and Amazon has them. Just buy them, you'll be glad you did 
I'm a little late in reading this book. I am trying to pace myself between the movies and the books so that I can enjoy a little Harry Potter at least every year. I think Goblet of Fire is the best in the series, so naturally it would be pretty difficult for Phoenix to live up to that standard. In Goblet, it feels like Rowling had a fantastic ending in mind, and that drove the writing of the story. In Phoenix, it seems like the story is key and the ending was simply tacked on to round it out and provide some concluding information. The major theme seemed to be the Ministry's takeover of Hogwarts. I found that entire thread to be thoroughly engrossing. Harry's dreams, however, took on sub-plot status, and then rose to the top for the final conflict. I didn't mind the length of the book, but it did seem to drag in a couple of places. The gang spent too much time at Grimmauld Place. I could have also done without Hagrid's giant story. My biggest problem with the book was Dumbledore's secrecy. Good stories have real roadblocks to keep the hero from achieving his/her goal. In Phoenix, the cause for most of the confusion was that Dumbledore was reluctant to share certain information with Harry. He explains his behavior in a most unconvincing way in the final pages. The secrecy was necessary for the story to take the course that it did, but it lacked good motivation and left me feeling let down. It reminded me of the natural disaster movie template where the world could be easily saved if not for an arrogant bureaucrat who refuses to listen to the young upstart with all the answers. It is contrived conflict that is hardly believable. Don't get me wrong. I love the Harry Potter series. And, perhaps my expectations have risen too high. I am eagerly awaiting the movie and then I know I will devour book 6 (when I allow myself to read it). I lose interest in most book series after the first couple of installments. Harry Potter always leaves me wanting more 
I wanted to be interested in this book, but it became pretty boring ater a while. There is an undercurrent of romanticism that pervades the authors purpose. He claims to be neutral, yet his descriptions and conversations with many of the people slant towards idol worship. Although the author claims to be in recovery, I did not get the sense of how drugs and alcohol can ruin peoples lives. I felt that his narrative was self serving, and glorifying the wonders of drugs and experimentation. There is a price to pay. What was good was hearing his father's take on the whole down side of watching his son grow up loaded. That was interesting. I'm getting weary of the proselytizing about how epochal the 1960's, 70's and 80's were. I didn't like his picture either 
My friend's and I will pass books back and forth to each other to read if they are good. My friend was going to throw this one out instead of passing it along, but since I have a dog, I thought it would be interesting, but it wasn't, so I had the honor of throwing it out myself. Typically, I would donate the book or give it to charity, but I don't think anyone would enjoy it. It's just this author's drivel. It doesn't focus on the president's and their pets at all like the title suggests. I could see where another author could have created a really fun book about presidents and their dogs. 
"The Glorious Cause" is the sequel to "Rise to Rebellion," and since the first novel was so good I eagerly dove into this one, but was disappointed to find it had nowhere near the same depth and quality of characterization. On a scale of 1 to 10, I give it a 4, as compared to the 8 I would give "Rise to Rebellion." The events recounted in "Rise to Rebellion" involving the lead up to the Revolutionary War seemed so much more detailed and interesting, with a vast array of characters that were so colorful; John Adams, Paul Revere, Samuel Adams, Ben Franklin, and others. "The Glorious Cause" was not without its merits, but it seemed so much drier and less appealing, with a more narrow focus. It was far too long in some parts, to the point my attention wandered, and getting through it was a chore in some sections, unlike the preceding novel which seemed to turn its own pages. I listened to this book on audio tape during my commute, and often found myself impatiently trying to keep my focus upon the narrative while controlling my urge to fast forward to a livelier scene. One element I felt truly slighted by was the coverage of Benedict Arnold and his defection to the British cause. I assumed this would be one of the lengthier and more rewarding sections of the book, but it zipped by fairly rapidly with little genuine immersion into the subject material. A mark of a good book is how I feel when I have finished reading it - if I am disappointed I have reached the end of the story, then I know it was time well spent. Getting to the end of "The Glorious Cause" felt more like finishing some particularly grueling outdoor project; it was uncomfortable work, and now that I'm done I feel I can do something a bit more interesting. Because Shaara did such a good job with "Rise to Rebellion" I don't feel my lack of appeal for this book is his responsibility; perhaps the subject matter didn't complement my taste as well. I prefer interesting historial detail over tepid, droning battle descriptions, and I feel the differences between those two categories represent perfectly the differences between "Rise to Rebellion" and "The Glorious Cause. 
On the way to a conference in New Orleans, my flight from Raleigh to Charlotte was cancelled due to mechanical problems, and I was booked on a flight to D.C. As I boarded the plane with The Carolina Way under my arm, a gentleman seated at the front of the plane asked how I was enjoying the book. I explained that I had not yet started the book, so I could not give an answer. The gentleman followed me to my seat and introduced himself as Dr. Gerald Bell, the co-author of The Carolina Way. Myself a Carolina fan, I was pleased to meet Dr. Bell, as he spent several minutes talking about Coach Smith, whom I have admired for over forty years, and the UNC basketball program, which is presently undergoing a much needed resurgence under Coach Roy Williams. Dr. Bell's contributions to the book tie Coach Smith's leadership philosophy to practical business applications by relating wonderful anecdotal references from Carolina's storied history to today's business situations. Surely, Coach Smith, given his ability to recruit top players, has been criticized by many for his failure to win NCAA championships in the manner of Coach John Wooden at UCLA, but winning two NCAA championships, winning at a consistency high level unmatched by any program without violating strict NCAA rules, and coaching top players that graduated at a +90% rate and have gone on to be successes in their chosen professions underscore the unique successes of Coach Smith's system. Teamwork, integrity, loyalty, and hard work, are the cornerstones of the Carolina Way, and anyone in the position of managing, leading, or molding young people today would benefit from reading this book, corny as it is at times. This book is not just for Carolina basketball fans 
You, the reader, are the subject and the hero of Calvino's novel, an exercise in reader-response theory gone mad. Calvino's lively experiment begins by describing a reader (that is, "you") reading Calvino's novel and, after this opening, "you" settle in to read the novel that you were "meant" to be reading--a noir mystery with a cliffhanger at the end of the first chapter. But all is not fair in the Land of Fiction; the copy of the book has been misbound by the printer, so you have to rush to the store to get a properly printed book--only to find that the replacement is a different book entirely. After several tricks and machinations, you end up reading the beginnings of ten different books, written in ten different styles, yet all sharing place and character names and even themes. (Part of the fun is identifying the author being imitated: the most obvious segments mock Borges, Dostoevsky, and Chekhov.) While initially it seems that Calvino assumes you are male, soon you are introduced to the Other Reader and "you" see the story through her eyes. Both of you work to solve the mystery of the erratic book passages, and the pleasure of reading is heightened by romantic tensions between the two of you. The book alternates between the story fragments and the story of "you." The repeated changes and interruptions in style and story can be baffling: "You can't get your bearings: the characters have changed, the settings, you don't understand what it's about, you find names of people and don't know who they are." It's a bit like "Groundhog Day," except that instead of being stuck inside the same day, you're doomed to repeat ten different but terrifyingly similar acts of literature interruptus. Well before the end of the novel, you realize that the real story is not to be found in any of the parodies (mysteries, fantasies, and romances) that you desperately try (and fail) to finish, but in the story of your reading experience itself--an experience made all the more complicated by the web of conspiracies engendered by the Other Reader, a reclusive popular writer, a charlatan churning out counterfeit books under the writer's name, a sloppy and conniving translator, and various officials of repressive dictatorships. For the reader who doesn't mind when an author attempts to describe your state of mind, Calvino's novel can be pure fun. The success of Calvino's task depends in no small part on whether the reading experience he describes recalls how you read a book; I know that some readers find some of these passages alien ("That's not how I read books"), but for me the various descriptions of the reading experience were both perceptive and eerily familiar. This reader, too, found the first half of the book far more engaging than the second half; later in the book, the gimmick inevitably wears a little thin and the detours that spoof publishing conglomerates, repressive governments, and state censorship were a bit more than this short novel could handle. And the "solution" to the puzzle, although fitting, has the oomph of the finale to a shaggy-dog story. No matter--if you enjoy metafiction, you might just recognize yourself in this clever book 
I have read all of the Artimis Fowl Books and loved them until now I was disapointed with this one, and not found Artmis unusaly irritating, but felt the whole book was the lacking the charm and wit that had made the other three so good. Truth be told I was younger when I read the first three, but still I can reread them and enjoy them (as I did after reading the fourth and being very disillusioned with the whole seris) so if you want my advice then I suggst you don't buy this book and let the magic of the first three live in peace 
The Chronicles of Narnia by accaimled author C.S. Lewis is worth every penny. I bought a copy for myself, but I am saving it for when my son learns to read. The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe will move you if are you 25 or 5 and the story is a of such a kind--that you are the better for reading it 
Sometimes I've enjoyed books by David Baldacci (WISH YOU WELL and THE WINNER come to mind); others, such as THE LAST MAN STANDING did little for me . . . add SPLIT SECOND, which I just heard, to that latter list . . . it was a disappointing mystery thriller about two disgraced Secret Service agents who come together to solve two campaign-trail crimes . . . I cared little about any of the characters, and there were far too many subplots floating around for my taste . . . the ending also didn't do much for me, as it brought too many separate threads together in too quick a fashion . . . lastly, I did not particularly "buy" the man behind the crimes; he just wasn't all that believable. 
My fav essay was about the River. Also, now when watching the evening news, the link between fire and flood makes alot of sense. Thanks for the enlightenment 
My husband took the book out from the library for me and after reading the first few chapters I decided that this was a book to own. As you will keep going back to re-read the roadmap to help you on your new venture(s). Very insightful for all levels not just C-Level positions 
Skeleton Man is another success for Tony Hillerman. The usual well-planned mystery to solve, and more about three of my favorite characters, Joe, Jim, and Bernie who appreciate the desert so much 
Maybe it is me but this novel was about as exciting as watching the grass grow. It is the first mystery novel that I have read by a female author and I hope that it is not representative of the gender. But, by the reviews here, all by women, I can see that Jance writes to that crowd. Her readers seem to like being taken down the aimless boring pass of relationship drible. If you want to spend 10 pages with the main character sitting and talking about nothing in her mothers house or on her friends porch talking about their health than this book is for you. It is amazing that Jance can start great with the murder scene and then 200 pages later start uncovering her first clue, the insulin bottle. Jance gives no indication that Oak Vista or the stranded stranger are even remotely related to the story. Do not start this book it is absolutely a total waste of time. If you want a good mystery read Coben, Crais, Patterson or Michael Connely 
"The Most Anticipated Book in the History of Poker!" exclaims a blurb on the cover. Well, if so, I can tell you that a lot of people have been, or are going to be, VERY disappointed. Comparing the classic Super/System from 1978 with this book is, to paraphrase Mark Twain, like comparing lightning to the lightning bug. This book is more of a tribute to Doyle Brunson than it is "A Course in Power Poker." Johnny Chan writes a fairly vacuous Preface in which he lauds Brunson, but doesn't say anything about how to play. Then we have Brunson's Introduction in which he tells us mostly about the contributors to the first Super/System. Next there is an autobiographical sketch by Brunson entitled, "My Story." (If you want a book that gives the real flavor of Brunson's "story," get a copy of According to Doyle (1984). It contains 47 chapters in which Brunson recalls his early days and life on the road.) Following "My Story" is a short history of Texas Hold'em by Crandell Addington which isn't much, and then there is the first chapter that could actually be considered part of a course in power poker. This would be 43 tips from Mike Caro cribbed from his lectures and books. However the tips are hardly "exclusive" for SuperSystem2 as claimed. Beginning with Caro's cute but now very familiar, "In the beginning, everything was even money," most or all of the tips have been recycled. For example, Tip #18, page 146, "WHEN A FREQUENT BETTOR CHECKS TO YOU...don't bluff" is just about the same as Tip #10 "Seldom bluff if frequent bluffers have checked into you" found on page 137 in Caro's Fundamental Secrets of Winning Poker (1996). In fact Caro even recycles his "exclusive" tips in this very book. Tip #31 says that PLAYERS STARING AWAY...are almost always more dangerous than players staring at you," while Tip #40 says in part that "OPPONENTS ARE MORE LIKELY TO BET OR RAISE IF THEY ARE: ...(3) staring away." Jennifer Harman's chapter on limit hold'em is so ordinary that it's remedial. There's not even a hint of anything new. There are a number of books on the market that cover the same ground much more thoroughly. I especially recommend Small Stakes Hold'em: Winning Big with Expert Play (2004) by Ed Miller, David Sklansky and Mason Malmuth or anything by Sklansky. Also her insistence on referring to hands backwards, "6-7" (e.g., on p. 252) instead of "76" is annoying and contrary to a well-established convention. And the caricatures by Russ Braun! They are so bland and flattering that each may have passed prior inspection by the subject's mother. Comparing these to the witty and sharp work by Stan Hunt in the original is like comparing a cliche to something alive and vital. Brunson doesn't even look like himself. Here he's just a generic, smiling, dough boy kind of guy--except in the small, clever, lifelike drawing gracing page 7 which WAS drawn by Stan Hunt, copied from the first book. Good are the chapters on Omaha and Stud Eight-or-Better. However, although Brunson has Bobby Baldwin billed as his author of the Omaha Eight-or-Better chapter, actually it was written (as acknowledged) by Mark Gregorich. He does a good job of introducing the game and giving some of the strategies, and I'm sure he is a fine player, but what about Bobby Baldwin? Well, as CEO of Mirage Corporation and President of the Bellagio Hotel and Casino, Bobby is far, far too busy to write the chapter himself. So he just lent his name and his supervision. Can you spell R-I-P-O-F-F? Perhaps the most embarrassing part of the book is Doyle's chapter on no limit hold'em. It is little more than a reprise of the same chapter in the first book published 28 years ago. Also recycled is the section on "Colorful Names of Various Hold'em Hands" on pages 628 and 629. The dated references to Raquel Welch ("38") and Broderick Crawford ("10-4") seem more than a little out of touch. Indeed, this book is nostalgic tribute to Brunson and the great success he and the original book achieved. And that is a shame, because this book is billed as an exciting event in the history of the publication of books on poker when in fact it is something hastily put together to flatter Brunson and, hopefully, the pocketbook of those involved. One final thing: there is a Glossary, suitable for beginners, which is okay as it defines such things a "Deuce," "Flush," "Four of a Kind," etc., but seems a little basic for "A Course in Power Poker." Worse though is this definition of a "Cold Deck": "A term often used to describe the deck by players who feel they're not getting enough playable or winning hands." Players may indeed remark that "the deck is cold," but the origin of the term comes from the fact that a stacked deck used by cheaters that is switched into the game tends to be "cold" to the touch since it has not been handled since it was stacked. Bottom line: pass 
This book is great! Assuming you already have a Ph. D. in Political Science. Otherwise this book is best reserved for drop quoting, or light reference. The author shows bias towards the United States' form of Democracy, as is to be expected in such a book. The simplistic nature makes the reader annoyed more than informed. The childish approach is suited for school children, but not as appropriate as other books for real analysis 
I have read some memoirs of the 2nd WW from a German standpoint and this was not one of the better. Although very fascinating at times it was also oddly detached and some of the stories about his sniping seemed "made up". It sometimes read as a fiction novel where he was alittle too much superman to be belivable. I also found it very strange that he very seldomly refered to other members in the squad, i do recognise that sniping surely is lonesome work but still, it was like nobody left an impression or if he held back with intent. Another thing that is getting tiresome is that is always the russians that are the bad guys doing grizzly things, but he didnt stand for a minute to think what his own country had got himself involved in. Still a good read but these factors didnt allowed me to be gripped by the story as other memoirs have. 
The word Atlas is misleading as there is alot of text accompanying the various maps. Some pages are nothing but text. I expect an Atlas to use maps to explain more rather than words. The maps that are in the book are good, but numerous sections do not have one. The book is split into sections/topics written by individual persons. However, in many sections the text ends in mid-sentence, as if several pages were forgotten about in each section or as if there was some arbitrary cutoff on the # of words per section. of this approx 200 page book, sentence cutoffs appear on these pages. Each page also represents the end of a section. p.37,55,63,82,89,96,115,141,149,163, and 175 clearly, not just a simple oversight. Also, the table of contents is inadequate, as it primarily denotes the major sections - which is by ocean, but not the individual topics. I give this 2 stars (Rather than 1) as the idea is good, and the content that is in the book - looks good. Execution is another story. Frankly, I would be a embarassed by the editing and quality control oversights 
What a disastrously bad and unfunny novel. The self-involved main character is pathetic and whiny, the "plot" is see-through and cliched, and the writing style is far below what can be found on any mediocre blog. When people criticize chick lit, this is exactly the kind of book they're talking about. It's shallow to such a shocking degree than when it tries to take itself seriously, or stretches for a literary flourish, it's absolutely cringe-worthy. I find it hard to believe the people who've praised it here actually read the same book. This was given to me by an acquaintance shortly after my engagement. She said she didn't really like it but thought it would be "more my kind of thing." Obviously not a person who knows me well. Thankfully, it doesn't appear the author is terribly prolific, so readers don't need to worry about trying to stumble through page after page of show-offy navel-gazing. I wouldn't say it's one of the worst books I've read, but it's certainly one of the most useless 
I really like this book. It's simple to follow instructions, and there is good advice all the way thru it. Everything from the author's mom's advice to what to do to jazz up a low fat, high flavor recipe to make it more flexible, tastier, or fancy enough for company. I like KD's tv show on Food tv, and I liked her first book, this book is better than the first. I am eating more healthfully(Is that a word?) and keep taking the small steps KD recommends to keep doing even better. I highly recommend the book 
if you ever eat fast food after reading this book, you obviously didnt read it. it covers how the fast food industry has changed america for the worst. how they manipulate kids into eating fast food. the conditions of the animals that are raised to be eaten. the diet of the animals. what goes on in the slaughter houses. how they have made the farmers go out of business. how the restarunts are run. fast food in schools and much more 
After reading the first book *(which was catastropha) and reading the second which was really good, I thought that the series is taking off, I was mistaken, the third book is slow, and boring, you can see very well that Stephan king has no Idea what so ever where he is going to take that series Nothing much is happening, and while the second book introduce some interesting ideas, the third book just go to the ordinary adventure that you can find (And better written as well) in dragon lance series, or other adventure books, also many ideas that were in this book already appear in many king books, reading reviews of manuy users on the fourth book, which some say is very boring I guess this is where the adventure end for me.. 
I loved this story. It was written in true steel fashion...exciting, interesting, and fullfilling 
White Wolf wanted to revitalize a mature product line by rewriting it and they had problems with the old system that deserved fixing. They did an excellent job on the core rules and the game mechanics are overall the best they've ever been. One of the flaws of MAGE:Ascension was that it is dominated by the struggle between the Technocracy and the Traditions, in a manner that reflected Vampire:Masquerade's clan structure and Sabbat vs Camarilla. One of the flaws of Vampire:Masquerade was that it had this whole history of "Caine as the first vampire and the Anti-Diluvians as the founders of the clans", that overshadowed the game. In Mage:Ascension, Mages saw themselves as having evolved over time and that history had been re-written by the technocracy, so who really knew about the past? In Awakening they took exactly what they were trying to jettison from Vampire and put it into Mage with the creation of Atlantis and the Exarchs. The Societies that replace the traditions are not as interesting. The replacement of Avatars with Towers doesn't make sense to me. The eternal struggle theme remains with the Exarchs but seems a lot less important than the struggle over the consensus in Ascension. Awakening is chock full or rotes. For, Mage in a LARP, rotes are essential, shifting emphasis to rotes improves the compatibility of table top and live action systems, but detracts from the table top experience where Mages can do almost anything. They split the Entropy Sphere into Death and Fate, which kind of makes sense, except that Death has too much overlap with Spirit. I'm going to use the new Mechanics with the old world in my new campaign. The new Mage setting doesn't inspire me like the old one did. While the new Vampire and Werewolf settings may catch on, I think the new Mage is going to be a flop -- after the core book I don't expect to purchase any more of the supplements. 
I found this book sadly lacking in substance and quality activities. Spend your money on Days of Knights and Damsels by Carlson 
There isn't anything in this book that you won't find in Warren Buffett's annual letters to the shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway (available for free at the Berkshire Hathaway website). If you've not read those letters then I suggest you get right to it - they clearly lay out Mr Buffett's approach to investing and are written in a very easy to read, humorous and homely style. This book pulls many of the highlights from those letters together in one place and lays out some major tenets and themes that could be said to make an investment "Buffett like". If you're not familiar with Warren Buffett and have not read his letters to the shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway - then you will likely find this to be a good introduction to Buffett. Anybody else should probably steer clear as there isn't anything new here. 
design of book is very poor--pictures totally unclear and print is crowded making it impossible to focus on the story. The translations are not bad but there is no effort to organize the material and put it in contex 
I am a total addict of Leslie Sansone's Walk Away programs - I had many exercise videos, but never stuck to anything until I found her energizing, fun, and most of all easy workouts. In her personal, talking-to-you-like-a-best-friend style, Leslie shows you how regular exercise benefits you in all ways from your health to your body to your mind and then presents her easy to follow basic workout which consists of three walking steps that are interchanged and sometimes modified while doing the program. There is no dieting in this program! She is a strong proponent of getting up and moving to better your life and shows it here by offering a few modifications you can make to your way of eating to help you lose weight, but no real diet, which I think is great! It helps to show that the real health factor is getting the exercise you need, not feeling deprived of the food you want which is why many diets fail. She has many success stories to motivate you peppered throughout the book and closes with a discussion about how stress affects your life and how you can beat it through exercise. I love Leslie! She is personable, motivating, and a great teacher - I am forever grateful to her for getting this former couch potato, at-home mom to stick to an exercise routine that I know will always benefit my life 
I rarely stop reading a book in the middle of it, but I couldn't take any more of Look Homeward, Angel after Part I (about 1/3 of the way through). It was long, rambling, and most of the passages did not add anything to the story, not even in the way of atmosphere. I do not recommend this book 
Not all that useful, really. Message is "buy mutual funds!". In general, since the vast majority of mutual funds underperform the market, just buy index funds would be the best advice. Most of the text is entirely useless to someone who might want to trade individual stocks. Passages suggest that if a company seems undervalued you might want to have lunch with the CEO to go over the financials and confirm your valuation. Oh, thanks Peter, what great advice... ("Mr. Gates, your 11 o'clock is here to discuss purchasing 15 shares") 
Roberts' little fable pits a wholly benign free-trade against absolute protectionism and guess which one looks better. Based on the theories of David Ricardo, the fable assumes that every worker in the world is always treated fairly and every boss is kind and responsible. In The Choice there are no sweat shops and no corrupt CEOs. Fables like The Choice (or the "free-market economy" for that matter) are easy to believe because we want the world to be that simple. That's why the book is dangerous. The Choice has almost nothing to do with the real world, but it sounds good. The argument is so seamless that it appears almost unassailable. If you buy Roberts' version of Ricardo, however, you must accept Wal-Mart as the epitome of business virtue. Roberts may be a great guy, and he certainly writes well. Unfortunately, his book begins with a series of fallacious premises and works its way toward a conclusion that is simple, elegant, and horribly wrong 
So here is a collection of essays by Jonathan Franzen, the wizard who brought us the highly intelligent and acutely mesmerizing novel of 2001, The Corrections. Many of these essays originally appeared in literati mags such as Harper's and The New Yorker--so, readers should know what they're getting into. I read this book mainly as an attempt to try to get a sense of Franzen as a corporeal human being, and not just some exalted author of an award-winning novel. Overall, I liked most of the essays appearing in this collection. From the promising opener, in which Franzen poignantly recounts his father's slow descension into quietus from Alzheimer's, we progress to a quasi-portentous pronouncement of the dangerous state of privacy in America, before Ashcroft and the Patriot Act invaded the American lexicon. Why Bother (which was previously referred to as The Harper's Essay) is an interesting rumination on the inevitable failure of the novel in the 21st Century as a tool of social reform; the novel should not be used as a way to engender social reform, but, should rather be written--ultimately-- for plain old entertainment value, Franzen seems to argue. Some of these essays seem to be a little discursive; Franzen evidentally has a lot to say, and seems to forget what the initial point of his arguments are, going off on long tangents; such as in Mr. Difficult, where as some other reviewer stated, he begins with an interesting exploration of his artistic need to be "pretentious," but then slowly veers off into a history and ode to author William Gaddis. Franzen once again proves to be a smart and sophisticated reader and writer, and this book perfectly showcases his aptitude for social commentary, without pontificating or being too offensively forward. People may consider Franzen an "elitist," but I consider him to posses a well-read, inquisitive mind; there are far too few Jonathan Franzens around these days 
Beware of the Everyman's Library edition of this book (green hardcover, ribbon marker, isbn # 0-679-40564-X). Book V dealing with the revenue of the sovereign has been completely ommitted. According to the introduction, this was to limit the book to one volume and keep the price low. I wish I had known this BEFORE I ordered the book since now I have to buy a different edition in order to read Book V. What a ripoff 
Why someone would chose these books is beyond me, especially when there are so many other good choices. Literature has an impact on people and the only impact I can imagine Junie having on others is negative. My daughter's first grade teacher is reading the Stupid Smelly School Bus to her class right now. Wanting to be an involved parent, I borrowed a copy from the friend and read it too. Junie is a brat. She thinks like a brat and acts like a brat. Our family says, "Thanks, but no thanks! 
This is a retitled re-issue of _Invisible Republic_. For its content, then, it clearly deserves a 5-star rating (at least from here). However, you ought to know what you will be getting if you already have that classic 
This book is 'oragnized' into sections - Getting Started, Organizing Room by Room, Organizing Finances, Organizing Time, Organizing Home Life, and Organizing Transitions. Who needs an entire section telling you the benefits of being organized - isn't that why I bought the book? The author takes 'plain and simple' to new heights...for example - "To organize your refrigerator, start by uncluttering it." I was hoping for something with more substance. There was nothing in this book that I didn't already know. If you're looking for something very basic as far as what to do in your home...you will like this book 
This is the same old tired suggestions for cleaning up your clutter. The suggestions given are to install custom made draws that double and triple pull out. The suggestion for the pantry was to organize cans from little to big (duh) and then group like items together (duh) that's in every single organizing book published so this one is not different than any other. Also the other suggestion was to install a pull out swinging triple door pantry system. Oh is that affordable? If I had $75,000 to redo my kitchen I would install the fancy garbage bin that pulls out of the cabinet and the double drawer pot rack with side lid bins. Come on, don't waste your money on this book or it's suggestions. Very few pictures and all for the rich. I thought Good Housekeeping was for the everyday family. Get it at the library and then return it after you don't read it. 
interesting, well documented, with marvelous illustrations.Definitely a good buy for adults who still dream of fairy tales characters. It is a pity that the collection does not include stories from "One thousand and one nights". Otherwise it will be perfect and complete. 
This is another offshoot of the commercially successful predecessor. The book traces the history of the knights templar and their supposed transformation into free masons. Much of the discussion focuses on free masonry, including its role in the American Revolution. I found the factual support lacking and the prose quite uninspired 
I really enjoyed this book. It was interesting and fast. It kept my attention and I did not want to put the book down. 
Would you like to bake Portugese Egg Tarts, Middle Eastern Pizzas with Lamb and Pine Nuts, Almond Milk Bread? Or how about Tender Potato Bread, Velvety Bean Bread, Dom's Italian Boules and Focaccia? There's also, Sweet Potato Rolls, Cranberry-Chocolate Sweet Buns, Chelsea Buns, Truck-Stop Cinnamon Rolls, Sticky Buns, Cathead Skillet Biscuits, Bangkok Waffles with Dipping Sauce, Snowshoe Bread, Ciabatta, Irish Potato Bread, New Year's Pear Cake, Naomi's Any-Day Skillet Cake, Brazilian Bolo, Martha's Mother's Cookies, and so on. Or, if you are ready for a trip to Tibet, Wales, Syria, Brazil, France, and/or Italy--it's here, too. Please enjoy this wonderful book--in the kitchen for those you care for, and on the couch with a cup of coffee--and one of these finished recipes, of course 
My mother in-law was actually responsible for Billy Milligan while he was in the Athens State hospital in Ohio. I've had a chance to read this book, and although very good, what my mother-in-law tells me is much, much different. She cared for him during his entire stay there. She said that he had more psychology and parapsychology books in his room than she could have ever imagined. She also said that his IQ was off the charts. She believes (and she has a doctorate in psychology) he only has FOUR distinct personalities. Raven being one of them. Billy had the abilitiy and knowledge to manipulate his condition, making it appear much more severe. Of course, she can't write anything about this, because Billy's publicist made everyone caring for him sign a waiver saying they wouldn't. Yes... Billy Milligan has a publicist. He also was a millionaire (because he exploited his disease) and drove a corvette on the weekends they let him go home.... yep... they let Billy Milligan have weekends. This book is a very good interpretaion on what could possibly been going on in Billy's head. However, after talking with someone who was actually there, and knew him well.... makes me second guess the validity of it 
I found this book to contain some really sound advice and I would suggest it for anyone that was contemplating risking their money on the ponies 
I am so passionate about this book. It has answered all the life questions I have ever held. Although many people I have recommended it to have reported that they have not been able to "get into it" - for me, I would say it is the best book I have ever read. This is about the 5th copy I have purchased because when I lend it out, somehow it is not returned and I want to have a copy to re-read every now and then. (I will not be lending this one again 
As a "follower of Christ" (Christian) who considers himself an Evangelical Protestant, this little devotional book will hold a special place in my library and my heart. For all Christian believers, the richness and power of Brother Lawrence's life's witness and words are a fountain of Truth, a treasure that is as elegant (spiritually) as it is simple. For the non-believers, I am afraid that reading this booklet (a spiritual treasure in disguise) will just confirm St. Paul the Apostles's words that "the message of the cross is ... foolishness to the Gentiles" (1 Corinthians. 1:18, 23 and 2:14). The only way to do justice to this booklet is to quote from it and let you get a taste of it ... This is a unique biography because it is not compiled by the Brother Lawrence of the Resurrection (birth name Nicholas Herman but known by his monastic name) but by the ones around his life in 17th century France. Thus one learns very little about the beginnings of his life but very much about his godly lifestyle in the last 30 years of life of bliss (presence of God in his heart) and suffering (3 physical and debilitating ailments). We learn about this Spirit-filled vessel in God's vineyard - Brother Lawrence, by reading the Eulogy of the abbot of Lawrence's Christian community, 4 short notes of his conversations with his spiritual father - Abb? de Beaufort, 16 very short letters of spiritual advice and encouragement Brother Lawrence wrote to friends and seekers, a manuscript found at his death called "Spiritual Maxims" and a memoir of a leader in the church in France. The followings are a selection of the many highlights and underlined phrases and sentences from this book: "Busy yourself with keeping your mind in the presence of the Lord." "My most normal habit is to simply keep my attention on God, and to be generally and lovingly aware of Him." "I occupy myself solely with keeping my attention on God and by being generally and lovingly aware of Him." "We have an infinitely good God who knows what we need." "Console yourself with the One who keeps you fastened to the cross." "We should love our friends, but without prejudicing the love of God which must be first." "Think often about Him; worship Him without ceasing. Life and die with Him. This is the beautiful call in the life of a Christian." "...we should love one another through our words of counsel and even more through our good examples." "...our only business in this life is to please God. ... my little progress in the path of perfection." "I applied myself to practicing the presence of God ... Doing this gave me such a high esteem for God that faith alone was capable of satisfying me." "A devout woman told me that the spiritual life is a life of grace that begins with service fear, increases through the hope of eternal life, and is consumated by pure love." MY PRAYER: May we all experience God's love, which truly can consume all other passions, and be filled with His grace which will empower us to truly love our neighbors (Christian and non-Christian) as ourselves. This is my life goal 
Trotsky once wrote that of the three great tragedies in life- hunger, sex and death- revolutionary Marxism, which was the driving force behind his life and work, mainly concerned itself with the struggle against hunger. That observation contains an essential truth about the central thrust of the Marxist tradition. However, as Trotsky demonstrates here, Marxist methodology cannot and should not be reduced to an analysis of and prescription for that single struggle. Here Trotsky takes on an aspect of the struggle for mass cultural development. In a healthy post-capitalist society mass cultural development would be greatly expanded and encouraged. If the task of socialism were merely to vastly expand economic equality, in a sense, it would be a relativity simple task for a healthy socialist society in concert with other like-minded societies to provide general economic equality with a little tweaking after vanquishing the capitalism mode of production. What Marxism aimed for, and Trotsky defends here, is a prospect that with the end of class society and economic and social injustice the capacity of individual human beings to reach new heights of intellectual and creative development would flourish. That is the thought that underpins Trotsky's work here as he analyzes various trends in Russian literature in the immediate aftermath of the October Revolution of 1917. In short, Marxism is certainly not a method to be followed in order to write great literature but it does allow one to set that literature in its social context and interrelatedness. You will find no Deconstructionist or other fashionable literary criticism here. Quite the contrary. Here Trotsky uses his finely tuned skill as a Marxist to great effect as he analyzes the various trends of literature as they were affected (or not affected) by the October Revolution and sniffs out what in false in some of the literary trends. Mainly at the time of writing the jury was still out about the prospects of many of these trends. He analyzes many of the trends that became important later in the century in world literature, like futurism and constructivism, and others- some of which have disappeared and some of which still survive. The most important and lasting polemic which Trotsky raised here, however, was the fight against the proponents of `proletarian culture'. The argument put forth by this trend maintained that since the Soviet Union was a workers state those who wrote about working class themes or were workers themselves should in the interest of cultural development be given special status and encouragement (read a monopoly on the literary front). Trotsky makes short shrift of this argument by noting that, in theory at least as its turned out, the proletarian state was only a transitional state and therefore no lasting `proletarian culture' would have time to develop. Although history did not turn out to prove Trotsky correct the polemic is still relevant to any theory of mass cultural development. One of the results of the publication of this book is that many intellectuals, particularly Western intellectuals, based some of their sympathy for Trotsky the man and fallen hero on his literary analysis and his ability to write. This was particularly true during the 1930's here in America where those who were anti-Stalinist but were repelled by the vacuity of the Socialist Party were drawn to him. A few, like James T. Farrell (Studs Lonigan trilogy), did this mostly honorably. Most, like Dwight MacDonald and Sidney Hooks, etc. did not and simply used that temporary sympathy as a way station on their way to anti-Communism. Such is the nature of the political struggle. A note for the politically- inclined who read this book. Trotsky wrote this book in 1923-24 at the time of Lenin's death and later while the struggle for succession by Stalin, Zinoviev and Kamenev was in full swing. While Trotsky did not recognize it until later (nor did others, for that matter) this period represented the closing of the rising tide of the revolution. Hereafter, the people who ruled the Soviet Union, the purposes for which they ruled and the manner in which they ruled changed dramatically. In short, Thermidor in the classical French revolutionary expression was victorious. Given his political position why the hell was he writing a book on literary trends in post-revolutionary society at that time. 
This book dragged on and on. The ending was stupid and the plot was pathetic. Very similiar to The Devil Wears Prada which was also bad. Don't waste your time on this one 
A very solid and balanced recounting of the career in power of one of the most important diplomatic figures of the past one hundred years. In his book, Professor Beisner wisely concentrates almost entirely on the twelve years Dean Acheson was in power in Washington, D.C. The great issues grappled with in the immediate years after World War II still live with us today: Russia, Germany, Vietnam, Japan, North Korea, Israel, Iran, France, and China/Taiwan. If you are curious to know why some things are the way they are in today's world, read this book. The number of key foreign policy challenges that flew at this talented Secretary of State is astonishing 
I really enjoyed this book. It was a few good laughs over a few good dumps. What else can a Goomba ask from a book sittin' on the back of the cammode 
Barbara Ghazarian's book is a wonderful collection of recipes that originated in an ancient culture. I enjoyed reading about her family and how Armenian food remains a large part of the communal family experience. These foods from the Mediterranean region are exciting, flavorful, and easy to make. Barbara's emphasis on bulgur wheat -- a staple in the Armenian diet -- is particularly important, as this whole grain product has stood the test of time. It might even be considered the gold standard of healthy, easy-to-prepare grains. Simply Armenian gives Americans a way to incorporate whole grains, meats, and vegetables into a healthy meal that a family can share. While I read the book, a line kept running through my head: "our grandmothers were right." They cooked with simple, whole foods that provided excellent nutrition and variety from recipes that were handed down from mother to daughter. Simply Armenian allows us to cook like our grandmothers and provide the same healthy choices for our modern families 
This volume contains a lot of valuable information, and is the only work of its kind I am aware of, ie an exhaustive survey of worldwide charismatic Christianity. That alone earns it four stars. However, I was disappointed that the editors chose to write from a pro-charismatic bias that may alienate non-charismatics. Indeed, some of the shorter entries seem more like blurbs for the ministers and movements they represent rather than academic, encyclopaedic introductions. The problem is not with what information is included so much as what information is *not* included - for example, absent from the entry on Oral Roberts is any mention of the dubious fundraising techniques and outrageous publicity stunts for which he is most (in)famous. Ian Bilby's entry details his leadership of Elim New Zealand, but includes no mention of the sexual scandal that led to his removal as Elim's NZ leader. All but the most staggering embarrassments in Pentecostalism's history seem glossed over, as if not offending anyone was a major principle in deciding what to include. I would expect a scholarly work to reflect both the glory and the shame of this important subject. This is an annoyance in an otherwise very good work. 
I heard all of these great things about this book etc...... So I got a copy and let me tell you it was a huge let down. I can honestly say it had loads of disgusting passages that I did not find at all entertaining. The "bowel movement" chapter was totally repulsive. I found it self indulgent, he had a crappy upbringing, that does not make for a good book 
This book brings together, pratical budget concerns with fashion, which are often in two totally different universes. Not worlds, universes. In the fashionista there is everything from how to get wine out of a shirt to when to know if you should splurge on a coat. In the worlds of increase American debt, this book should be on everyshelf in America! It is light portable and she is extremely funny! Two thumbs up 
I purchased this book to gain a better insight about Aspergers. Instead, it left me with many unanswered questions. The book is the equivalent to a boring, monotonous `Dear Diary' that gets stuck in one era: His college years and his interest in music. (This is understandable as the author is terrified of life outside of college, music is all he knows.) Yet I craved more details, I wanted to know more about Mr. Shores' childhood, his parents, the stims, and the chaos...DETAILS! It felt as if the author was trying to prove how intelligent he is, boasting of his accomplishments and how he's almost neurotypical. His failures were blamed on other people out to get him for unknown reasons. Lets say it for what it is: A man who looks kind of disheveled and a bit `odd' (Unabomber) gets a job in a financial institution, he rides his bike in, hangs out in the shadows getting dressed, doesn't socialize - and no one wants him around. It's BECAUSE HE'S WEIRD! Yet the author blames his co-workers. I'm sorry but the reality is, the author probably can't see and understand that he IS different because he has Aspergers! I mean, most typical people can spot someone that is odd/weird/different a mile away. They avoid them not because they're being hurtful, they just can't relate to that person. I wished he had focused in much greater detail about his feelings, emotions and behaviors when he was younger-to gain a better understanding of what shaped him into the person he is now. The book was written as if he fast-forwarded through his entire youth and got stuck on `pause' when he got to college. While this is obsessively interesting to him, it was tiring reading page after page of redundant accounts of his college days. There is no depth to the book, it was shallowly written and there is not enough elaboration to make me understand, (or want to for that part) what makes Stephen Shore the person he is. While this may be due in part to his disorder, it left so much to be desired. I'm sorry to anyone who takes offense to this review, as this is not my intention. I applaud Mr. Shores accomplishments and the hurtles he's overcome. He must be MUCH more dimensional than the book conveys. I wanted to know more about HIM and not what he's done in his life. I'd suggest a better read would be one of Temple Grandin's books. I got a true feeling of who she is and an understanding of how she got there and how autism fits in. She goes into details about what she was thinking as a girl, teenager and adult. Her pranks, her temper, the metaphors and their importance..everything. I bought this book based on reviews, and I felt it necessary to give mine. 
I've always thought someone should do a retro coffee table book on A-frames. Someone did. It's perfect. The book has a great cover in cool 60s colors. Inside is a detailed history with pictures, illustrations and everything one would ever want to know about A-frames. Thank you Chad Randl! 
I was fortunate enough to have seen the now-legendary Vermeer exhibition at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. during the winter of 1995-96. 21 out of the 35 (or 36) extant paintings by Vermeer were included in the show, offering a unique opportunity to see the bulk of Vermeer's amazing works in a single space, something that no one has experienced since 1696, when @20 of his paintings were auctioned in Delft. Given the rarity and fragility of Vermeer's works, it is unlikely that such an event will ever be repeated. All who were unable to make it to the show, however, have this splendid book as a document of this unique event. This book will remain the standard work on Vermeer for many decades, and represents the fruit of several years' labor by art historians on two continents. Because so little is in fact known about Vermeer the man (in truth, we have no idea at all what Vermeer's education, interests, and personality were like), the catalogue essays fill this gap by contextualizing Vermeer's work within the history of Dutch painting, the development of perspective, and the fascinating tale of Vermeer's rediscovery in the 19th century and his richly-deserved rise to worldwide fame. The essays and catalogue entries may be too technical for some readers, as the authors have expended a lot of effort to reconstruct Vermeer's exact technique, something which can only be gleaned from careful study of the paintings themselves (no drawings by Vermeer have survived, nor have any statements he may have made about painting). This extensive scholarly apparatus, while illuminating and occasionally even riveting (the essay dealing with Vermeer's rediscovery is a great detective narrative!), tends to obscure the strange, even uncanny emotional charge that his images are suffused with. Vermeer's personal world - so limited in content yet unforgettably haunting and evocative - is one of stillness and peace suffused with tension. Each image contains remarkable spatial and temporal ambiguities that make simple scenes like a lady writing a letter while her maid looks away or two people standing near a piano (The Music Lesson) vibrate with dramatic tension. Sadly, the somewhat passionless writing encases the pictures (all of which are superbly reproduced) in a rhetoric that does not address the fundamental issue: What is it about these paintings that is so powerful that their maker was rescued from total obscurity and has inspired poetry, novels and countless studies? I was hoping to find some discussion of the psychological meaning of these images, but the traditional (overly scholarly and dry) art history within did nothing to help me understand my passion for the Sphinx of Delft. That said, the book is a masterpiece of empirical research on the artist (barring some new discovery, it is unlikely that we will ever have any more facts about Vermeer and his world than can be read here), exquisitely designed, and distinguished with beautiful reproductions. The volume is certainly one of the few bestsellers in the field of the art book - when I attended the show, the paperback print of the book was totally sold out and the hardcover was flying off the shelves (it is odd that the book has not been reprinted in paperback). Johannes Vermeer is THE text to have on this artist and is unlikely to be superseded anytime soon. Immerse yourself in Vermeer's world and you will be transformed. Seeing this exhibition changed my life, and I treasure this book as a means of recapturing the awe and joy that overwhelmed me at the time. I hope you will enjoy this book as much as I have 
This is going to be a short and sweet review because many others have commented on this book at length. I want to contribute my two cents as a concise opinion based on its value as a powerful, engaging and thought provoking story. This book packs the punch of great fiction. It covers a broad territory from the ice age to the present with the drama of an epic. You certainly don't need to be a history major, biologist or anthropologist to be moved by the story of civilization as told by the author. Jared Diamond places a very strong emphasis on the role of geography, environment and other factors that relate back to nature in the rise of civilizations. I think the major shortcoming of his work is that he doesn't give enough credit to social factors and their role is history. If you don't know a lot about history or how physical factors in the environment contributed to the rise of agriculture, the need for armies, etc. You will find this fascinating reading. If you have a deep knowledge of these areas, anthropology and sociology, you may find the overly reductionistic stance annoying. However, most likely you will enjoy the well-written story if you can keep in mind that it doesn't provide the full picture. In short, this book magnificently illuminates Jared Diamond's specific areas of interest, while downplaying or neglecting others. It provides a valuable piece of the truth and it does so in a very engaging and thoughtful manner. 
The "bottom-line" on "Brainless" is that one has to be "brainless" to take time to read Coulter's writings, and even more brainless to waste the time to read an analysis of them. Yes, it is mildly interesting to learn of Coulter contradictions (eg. bashes the elite, then takes on Harriet Miers - partly because she didn't go to an elite law school, and "I believe everything I say," vs. "Most of what I say, I say to amuse myself and amuse my friends." And then there are the infinite number of brainless "Coulterisms" and unsupported assertions - eg. "public schools have more sex scandals per year than Catholic priests - thirty times more," "Liberals lie about the science on stem-cell research because they warm to the idea of destroying human embryos," "I've never seen people enjoying their (9/11) husbands' deaths so much." On the other hand, Maguire really doesn't have that much to say that IS INTERESTING! On the other hand, if you hadn't figured out already that there is someting seriously wrong with Ann Coulter - this book won't help. Save your money and your time 
It was a cold and snowy February day when a stranger walked to a small country inn and ordered a meal and a private room. This stranger guards his privacy and desires solitude. His luggage consists of many bottles of powders and fluids as would be used by an experimental investigator. The local general practitioner visits the stranger, and sees something he can't believe. Then someone steals money from the Reverend Bunting although he and his wife see nobody. Later Mr. Mrs. Hall, innkeepers, see the stranger's room is empty, until the chair moves around as if possessed by spirits. When questioned by Mrs. Hall the stranger removes his nose! Then the bandages and spectacles go, and the people see no head! When the constable comes to arrest him, the man removes all his garments and disappears into thin air. The crowd tries to grab him but he escapes. Mr. Thomas Marvel, a wandering tramp, is found by this Unseen and convinced to work for him. They return to the inn to fetch books and clothing. This sets off a commotion among the people there, and another chase. The panicked people fled from the streets and locked themselves in their homes. There was a story about "flying money" that was removed from shops and inns. At another inn Marvel seeks shelter, he has escaped from the Invisible Man. When this Unseen enters to take Marvel away, a bearded American fires at the Unseen with his revolver. Later the Unseen visits a physician for treatment of his wound (his blood can be seen). The Unseen has met Dr. Kemp at college, and is fed and clothed. The Unseen explains the scientific principles of optical density in a general way. If the refractive index of a substance was lowered to that of air it would be invisible in most cases (Chapter XIX). The Unseen kept his work secret because of the thefts in the scientific world of science. But the Unseen acquired money by foul means which cursed his work! Griffin tells of the previous experiments that led to invisibility (Chapter XX). The next chapters gives Griffin's history. But Kemp has written to the police, and they arrive. Griffin escapes once again, and Kemp warns the police about what must be done (Chapter XXV). Griffin is mad and inhuman, "pure selfishness". His attempts to kill Kemp lead to his own destruction, and his body becomes visible after death (Chapter XXVIII). If accurate, this story provides a snapshot of life in London and its suburbs at that time. It also tells that carrying arms was nothing unusual. H. G. Wells shows his literary skills in making believable an impossible condition. There are those who still believe that describing something in words makes it real (like "childproof guns", etc.). Readers of Wells' later works can judge how close to the truth his writings were. This fable warns against uncontrolled scientific experiments, from poison gas to atomic bombs, or the current craze for cloning or "genetic modification" The story of unseen theft of money can also be a warning against a Private Banking Cartel and its continual devaluation of the currency to help Big Business in its struggle against small businesses and working people. In this story the people unite to terminate the Unseen; this doesn't always happen in the real world. 
Lost in the Funhouse can be a very bewildering and irritating collection if you aren't in the right mood for it. If you aren't well-versed in post-modern fiction (barthelme, calvino, etc are good reference points) you might want to start somewhere else first. Even Barth's novels are more immediately digestible. With that said, though, this collection doesn't really operate on one consistent level. Perhaps this is because many of these stories were written by Barth much earlier in his career. The three stories concerning Ambrose's birth and development are very straightforward and enjoyable on a surface level until the whole series goes flying into left-field with the titular "Lost in the Funhouse" story (which Barth is probably most known for). From that point on, most of the stories are more about the process of writing and the relationship between the reader, writer, and the characters. Stories like "Title" and "Life-Story" work more as essays on the nature of fiction than actual works of fiction, and were (for me at least) a little tedious. The best moments occur when Barth combines his thoughful analysis on the nature of writing and art with a really good ground-situation, typically based on Greek mythology. The best of these are the utterly raunchy "Petitition" and the labyrinthine "Menelaiad". Taken as a whole, though, Lost in the Funhouse is greatly satisfying, even if (like me) you really only understood about 20% of what Barth was talking about on your first read-through. It's the sort of book I'll go back to again and again to try and delve deeper into the mystery of the funhouse while appreciating all over the hilarious bawdy humor. Oh, and make sure to read Barth's seven additional notes at the front of the book (though maybe only after you've read the story that is being discussed in each note, so as not to ruin the initial experience)-- they really help to clarify some of Barth's intentions. I can't even imagine appreciating a story like "Glossolalia" without having read the note concerning it 
Not recommended for native speakers of the English language. When trees == forests and top-level directories are instead 'naming contexts' .... The desirable format would be "This feature, which MS call 'X', is 'Y' plain english", but instead the Y feature will only ever be called X. This is not a helpful book 
I was really disappointed with this book. A lot of the recipes are identical to one another, with just one ingredient - eg a different type of vegetable - substituted. With no pictures and not much more content, I really regret buying it. 
I recently saw this book on the bargain bin. This book was pure garbage, by two arrogant 20-somethings in clown suits. Basically they are saying valuations don't matter. Since they wrote the book, it has been prooven that their philosophy, approached over the long term, produces some great damaging losses. The book may be useful during the next bubble, which if history serves, will occur well after these clowns pass on to the big three-ring circus in the sky. To the dungeon with these two knaves 
The author, James Surowiecki, lays out and explores a variety of general and specific cases of groups of people acting either wisely or stupidly. The examples are all easy to relate to, and I found them to raise meaningful questions in my mind which were answered in due course in the text. When I think of crowds, I think of unthinking masses moving together, led by tradition, habit, or an individual. How can that be wise? A more accurate title would be "How some groups of people can make better decisions than experts, while others act like collective idiots, and what characteristics distinguish the two types of groups", although that's hardly likely to sell as many copies. :-) For me this really shed some light on my past experiences of participating in successful and unsuccessful teams at work. I'd sometimes wondered why I've been on a few teams that appeared to "click" (smart people who want to work together to achieve a common goal), but our results weren't great, whereas other teams have been successful. What was it that made a good team? I had some of the pieces, felt I still had some real gaps in my knowledge. This book certainly helped. To paraphrase the basic idea that I took away from the book, teams of people can achieve superior results if: 1 Each individual on the team is well informed; 2 The work of one individual does not influence the work of another; 3 There is an objective method to aggregate individual conclusions into a group conclusion. As simple as they sound, there are many ways to fail, and the book does a great job of exploring a variety of phenomena that cause failure. 
Woodward and Bernstein, famous reporters for the Washington Post during the Watergate scandal, chronicle their experience investigating and exposing the deceptive actions of President Nixon and his cronies during Watergate. This book takes the reader through Woodward and Bernstein's efforts at uncovering the truth, internal dilemmas about the information they were uncovering, and covert meetings with confidential sources. They tell a tale of mystery and intrigue that stands up to some of the world's best fiction except that this story actually happened and signaled the end of an era where the US Presidency was respected above all else. This book is a fascinating look at how investigative journalism once was. Instead of printing first and asking questions later, Woodward and Bernstein, along with their editors, took painstaking efforts at checking, double checking, and even triple checking their sources and information before putting something derogatory in print. It seems a sharp contrast to journalism today that appears to be publish now, ask questions later, and file a retraction in small print even later. This book also tells the tale of two very opposite reporters and how they pulled together to write about the crime spree of the century and topple a corrupt Presidency. It gets better with each reading 
Verla Kay has done it again! She's created a brilliant rhyming picture book that works great in the classroom and is also a delightful choice for a bedtime story. COVERED WAGONS, BUMPY TRAILS is the vivid, touching, enjoyable story of a pioneer family moving West. Readers will fall in love with Mother, Father and Baby John as they journey in search of a new home. Their struggles and triumphs come alive in sparse cryptic rhyme verse, such as: Plunging, slipping, Stuck in snow. Frozen wheels, Oxen, WHOA! And the art by S. D. Schindler is fabulous with colorful kid-appeal. This is a wonderful book that you won't want to miss! When you reach the final page, you'll smile at the absolute PERFECT ending 
This is an excellent book. The anecdotal stories that the author includes make the book much more readable when compared to other parrot guides. The authors book on Senegal parrots and their family is also full of information. 
This book was great in helping me identify the details of my SMLE III, including decypering all the symbols. It also provided a nice history lesson on the rifle. I would recommend for collectors, those who own one, or those that just have an interest in them 
If I had been an editor and received "Deadly Slipper", I would have said the following: "Dear Ms. Wan, Your book is unacceptable for the following reasons: 1) The Setting. One hazard of writing about the place where you spend your summers is that you end up writing through the eyes of a visitor rather than a native. Dordogne sounds delightful,and I'd certainly like to visit it based on your descriptions of delightful pigeon coops and sheep scattered across the landscape, but it is disturbing that you have cicadas singing in May. It suggests you are only familiar with the setting during the vacation months when you habitually visit. To really describe a place, I think you need to know it better. 2) The characters. Because you spend your summers in Dordogne, you appear to know only other wealthy foreigners. All your main characters are expatriates with irritatingly bourgeois occupations. I don't know if you realize that all the native-born French characters you portray are ugly, boorish, sexually depraved, mentally defective, criminal, or terminally quaint, and they all appear to make cheese. Surely this isn't a realistic portrayal of the French. 3) The Orchids. Actually, the orchids are fine, but the idea that orchid fanciers are maniacal and possibly homicidal is a questionable one; most orchid fanciers are fairly tedious. Also, the idea that a lady slipper mutant would spontaneously occur and allow the orchid to live outside its native habitat is idiotic. Anyone would tell you that a hybrid is a better bet. 4) The Dogs. One cute dog is sufficient; two are too much. Puppies are inexcusable. 5) The Romance. Most mystery writer are aware of the hazard of including a romance in a mystery, but you walked in innocently, unaware that your two characters are unpleasant, self-involved and have no chemistry (and that's not even mentioning their unspeakable dogs). You set a big obstacle in their path by having one think the other is a deranged serial killer; a great writer might be able to pull this off, but you can't. 6) Trendoid aspects. Epistolary novels are *so* 18th century. But having a NY psychiatrist profile the serial killer by email is so LAST WEEK. You will be sorry you did this, sooner rather than later. 7) The Ending. Ridiculous and melodramatic. Georges Simenon wrote about crime with great psychological acuity. You should read one of his books. 
I received this book as a gift. I was skeptical upon reading the praise for the book on the back cover from such political wonks as Bob Novak and Sean Hannity. Haven't any well respected catholic theologians or scholars approved of this book? No. And with good reason. It's not a history book, it's a poorly researched piece of garbage designed to bilk "the faithful" out of their hard-earned dollars. I did read several chapters of the book to be fair. When Crocker describes the Papal forces during the Albigensian crusade as "soldiers of God, overcoming all the odds to destroy the wicked oppression challenging the authority of the church." I wanted to puke. And how about the Inquisition, where Church authorities sanctioned physical torture against "heretics?" Well, Crocker concedes that torturing someone might stray a little bit from Christ's original message of tolerance... but hey, they threatened the authority of the righteous Catholic church, so they got what they deserved. Uh, yeah, amen brother. These considerations aside, the book isn't even well researched, which immediately destroys its credibility with me. For example from the Albigensian crusade, Crocker states that the armies of the heretics numbered over 100,000, yet with only a few thousand men, the Pope was able to defeat them, as they were filled with the "glory of god" or something like that. Curiously, in his footnotes he cites nothing to back this claim up. Maybe because it isn't true. And any cites to books that have been critical of church policy, like, say, endorsing Mussolini, are derided as "unresearched," "politically motivated" and "shameful" Ironically, that's exactly what "Triumph" is to me 
What exactly is it that Ms Wearstler does? This book is filled with "glam" pictures of recycled design ideas by Billy Haines,Dorothy Draper and Billy Baldwin,mostly of the "Hollywood Regency" style. Ms Wearstler,whose home it is, appears in the photos dressed to the nines and seems to want us to think that she dreamed up this nifty new look. Take a look at the new Billy Haines book and the just released book on Dorothy Draper and you'll see real designers at work AND whose work and style this really is. 
Unfortunately, instead of an thorough analysis of the genesis, justifications, and problems with overarching property rights, DeLong acts as a mouthpiece for other property rights activists. DeLong covers some of the same ground as Congressman Richard Pombo in his 1996 This Land Is Our Land, simply emphasizing anomalous examples instead of practicable solutions. DeLong's denial of the externalities resulting from uninhibited development leave his analysis unbalanced and ill-founded. DeLong's politics overcome his analysis. This book is similar to his condemnation of industry for their recognition to the denial of carbon dioxide emissions. (...) His political agenda overwhelm his rational 
THis book was horrible. If it was possible to rate it lower than one star i would have. I am an avid reader and picked this book up after my mom had gotten it from a friend. I read half of it, suffering from a headache the entire time, and then got to the part about the relationship the 13 year old boy had with a 33 year old man and i lit this book on fire. One less copy in the world...don't waste your money. I wish i had the time spent reading this book back so i could use it for better purposes. THis book wasted my life 
I too eagerly anticipated reading this book, since I went through an apron-sewing blitz this summer. I was a bit disappointed, however. Although the photos and instructions are helpful (for seamsters more accomplished than myself), the tone of the book is reactionary, with negative statements about working mothers and a lot of nostalgia for the Ozzie and Harriet era. Although Geisel celebrates the rebirth of the domestic arts, she praises the home-as-nest (enclave of traditional domesticity) rather than the house-as-studio (a DIY workshop involving every member in open-ended acts of engagement with economy, history, and culture.) Still, there's some interesting history and some great photos 
I first read this extraordinary book in 1986, just two years after it was first published. Picking it up again, I find it eerily applicable to our current situation. There is a familiar old adage that teaches us that those who refuse to learn history are doomed to repeat it. THE MARCH OF FOLLY brings this message back to the forefront. Barbara W. Tuchman eloquently discusses the bizarre propensity of governments throughout history to pursue policies contrary to their own interests. Mind you, this is not a pacifist book but rather one that begs governments to beware of the reckless pursuit of policy that might prove to be dangerous. And, yes, I admit right readily that hindsight is 20-20. Beginning with the Trojans and their acceptance of the Trojan Horse to benighted Papal policy during the renaissance to Britain's stupidity during the American Revolution to questionable American policy during the Vietnam war, THE MARCH OF FOLLY invites the reader to consider the fact that as things change in historic chronology apparently nothing else does. Given our current war policies, efforts and mistakes in Iraq, Tuchman's masterpiece is a very poignant read and we must confess, regardless of individual political leanings, that the potential for history to repeat itself yet again is considerable. Who knows, there may yet be a sequel to this one appropriately titled THE MARCH CONTINUES. THE HORSEMA 
I am a bright student and have a GPA of 3.86. This book is completely useless for class. I reread the chapters and it simply does not make sense. I found the internet to contain more useful information. This book should not be used in any Introduction to Philosophy classes. It is much too complex. If you are attending classes at WIU, I would skip the purchase of this book and rely on the internet for your assignments 
I originally bought this for my almost-2-year-old because I wanted him to have a new alphabet book with both upper and lower case letters shown (there are not many out there besides chicka chicka boom boom). Instead it has become a favorite of my three year old who already knows her letters. The reason: this book shows the letters and has beautiful illustrations of many items in one picture that begin with each letter. Some things are easy to find in the picture and others are more challenging. It is a beautiful book that provides "I spy" and "Where's Waldo" type challenges. I highly recommend this book for the 1-5 crowd 
I'm not a fan of mysteries to begin with. However, my public library has a limited selection of audio books, so I take what I can get. I am a voracious reader, and I listen to audios to get more "reading" in, as you can listen and do other things. I much prefer the Lillian Jackson Braun "cat" books, at least there is some humor, and I like the "mystery" part of these books better than Deaver's. Sorry to all the Deaver fan's out there...I HAVE enjoyed a few of his books, but I get tired of the "same ole-same ole" 
Wendell Jaffe swindled a lot of people out of money and then conveniently disappeared from his boat. The verdict was suicide, but the insurance company that had sold him a half-million dollar insurance policy is not convinced. When 5 years passed, the company was forced to pay the premium to Jaffe's wife. Two months later, a man looking very much like Jaffe is spotted in Mexico. The insurance company hires private investigator Kinsey Millhone to investigate and she does spot a man who appears to be Jaffe, along with his girlfriend Renata. They escape Kinsey's surveillance and she returns to California. Jaffe's son Brian is in big trouble with the police and Kinsey concludes that Jaffe will return to help his son. As she continues her investigation she becomes acquainted with Jaffe's supposed widow and his two troubled sons. She also comes in contact with some of her long-lost family, and agonizes over whether she wants to establish a relationship with them, and open up old wounds. Sue Grafton can be relied on to provide a good read, and this book, although not the best in the series, is no exception 
A very straight forward book by Jim Otto. There is a price when one wants to achieve or aspire to achieve glory on the gridiron. Jim Otto is that person and he candidly tells us what he was willing to sacrifice to reach that plateau. For the Raider fan at heart, or a football fan in general, this is the book to read 
Very disappointed with it. Was expecting something groundbreaking, but it failed to deliever. An easy read and quite honestly, boring. Don't waste your time. Read something more worthwile like Robert Anton Wilson. 
Much of the book's material is not restricted to educational research. It is generally applicable to anyone who wants to perform experimental studies in the social sciences. Where you need to deal with human subjects. Granted, in the book, these subjects are often primary school kids. But the guidelines given in such matters as the general steps for qualitative research, data collection and data analysis are quite general. Likewise further in the book, when it discusses quantitative research. The book's discussion of statistics is necessarily abbreviated; directed at a reader unfamiliar with chi square tests and the like. But still easily understood 
Wells wrote The Time Machine (1895) rather furiously; it seems the author was short of money and exploited his idea of future time travel, summing it up in a tightly constructed, very short novel. Most works that I have read from the nineteenth century are long-winded, purple-toned, velvet-like effluviums. This one is short and for once I would have liked a book a bit wordier. Anyhow, the narrator, a sort of mad tinkerer, describes his visit 800,000+ years to the future. He finds two distinct inheritors of the human race: one smallish, simple-minded but joyful class of vegetarian people that live on the surface of the Earth (the Eloi), and one larger brute-like class of photophobic ground dwellers that perform most of the work for the Eloi, but unfortunately also eat them. Gone are most of the trappings of modern society. Humans have devolved into beautiful idiots and those that prey upon them. Darwin's theories of evolution and natural selection were just beginning to take hold at the time Wells was writing and they obviously influence the work. I read somewhere that Wells took a university course taught by the biologist T.H. Huxley, who highly regarded Darwin's theories. Socialism also influences the book, with the Morlock underclass literally kept in the dark until they devolve into creatures that cannot tolerate light and have to rely on human flesh for food. Part of socialist theory is conflict theory; so instead of cannibalizing their own, the Morlocks eat the Eloi as a sort of vengeance. Darkness, and the use of the dark as something mysterious from out which monsters may jump, is Gothic old hat for early writers of this genre. Wells uses the dark as the place where the Morlocks are banished, and where the Time-traveler believes the Morlocks have his stolen time machine. We feel the Gothic fear when he knows he has to go down there to attempt to get it back. Also, I wouldn't say Wells is the first to blend science with fiction either; see Hawthorne's "Rappaccini's Daughter", Mary Shelley's Frankenstein or Edgar Allan Poe. And is there something unsettling about the Time-traveler's undertaking with the childlike Weena? Her death at the hands of the Morlocks is tragic, but imagine the circus-spectacle she would make if the narrator brought her back to his time as he intended 
...but Lana Wood has a very autobiographical writing style. I found Wood's memoir to be incredibly gossipy. She speaks for pages upon pages about her own feelings during pivotal times in Natalie's life. Every here or there, it's nice to have an eyewitness account of what happened at certain times, but I'd rather read about the Academy Awards for which Natalie was being nominated instead of the powerful men in Hollywood with whom Lana was sleeping. There is a lot of name-dropping as well as a lack of substance in the book's context. After reading this, I read Suzanne Finstad's NATASHA and found it to be very thorough and much more detailed about both her personal and professional life. I was not a fan of this book in any respect 
I had read all about FSM before picking up this book and bought it as more of a conversation piece. Well, suffice to say this will never get any space with my other books as it is very poorly put together. Flimsy cover, flimsy pages, it's put together about as well as a children's coloring book. I too was fooled by the default picture, I thought it was a nice hard cover with a bookmark ribbon like other "religious" texts. Nothing could be further from the truth. Hey Amazon, change the default picture to the one which shows the book as is, a flimsy cover with a picture of a hard cover on it 
The author makes a good case for index mutual funds but there are too many digressions about the author's extracurricular activities. Do you really want a pumpkin pie recipe in a book about mutual funds 
In "The Year of the Jackpot", a statistician graphs the points of convergence of cyclycal events. Overlapping his graphs, he notices that the wavy lines are approaching extremes. Interesting times. The story "By His Bootstraps" is not logically sound: How did Bob Wilson get to the other side of the Gate so that he could operate the Gate before sending for the first version of himself? "The Menace From Earth" tackles Earth Moon female jealousy. "Sky Lift" details the heroism of a rocket pilot carying an antidote to the Pluto colony. "Goldfish Bowl" asks: What if humans were kept as pets by disinterested intelligent beings? "Project Nightmare" is about Psionic humans who are able to locate nuclear devices and prevent atomic fusion -- using psi ability. "Water is for Washing" is about a mega earthquake that creates a new sea between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate. The Gulf of California extends to Los Angeles 
This is the story of another tragic episode involving a Native American tribe. That this probably happened under other circumstances, and happened to more than the Arapaho tribe, cannot be doubted. This is another in a series that has given us insight into tribal life and continues to leave us wanting more. The characters are strong, believable, and you want the best for all of them. The underlying plot--selling tribal babies and telling their parents they died--is heartbreaking. The reunion of one such child with her father made me weep. And Vicki's trial reconciliation with Ben gave me hope. This is a great work, written with deep feeling 
If you wanna stop smoking then give this a go. You'll either stop right away or you'll never beleive your doomed to puff on for life . Either way you win. strange thing to say about a book but true i say. Amazing stuff. 
Businesses cannot exist without the IT and vice-versa. They are interdependent. IT systems automate the business processes and run 24 by 7. Therefore we cannot really view those who work at the "Business" level as above us. So, I disagree with the author on this point. However, he does sort of make a U turn later on in the book. This book will make you think. For instance: What is the supply demand for programmers in a particular Business domain? This would be a good question to research so that we can plan our career. He talks about how to survive layoffs by being knowledgeable in different areas. Not everyone wants to stay in one organization for a long time. Another thing is that it is almost impractical to learn everything in a particular technology (say, Java technology). Developers will have different intentions, for example they might have a backup plan in case of IT downturn, either by having a cash cushion or generating cash flow through software products. I agree about following your passion. It enables us to transcend limitations. It inspires us and makes us reach a level of performance that amazes us. This explains the previous paragraph (which sounds like excuses). Another principle that he explains - "Be the Worst" is very real. Two projects, one early in my career where I had the opportunity to work with a strong and talented team of developers and project manager. Recently when I found working for people who were not anywhere near my capabilities, they did affect my performance. This book helps to see and expect what the work environment could possibly bring us and what we can do to proactively handle these situations. Maintenance is seen as a menial work and recruiters downplay any experience on it. Oh, this is a developer job... Chad advises you to learn to love maintenance. He recommends having a mentor and I am glad I read his book. I know mentors can also come in the form of a book!!! You can have more than one mentor. I love the Eight-Hour Burn concept. This explains why I get very depressed and productivity drops during the last few weeks of the project. Now I know how to make the work stay in the office. No more nagging problems following me home! The concept of "Presence" is very realistic. I learned this by making mistakes in the workplace and the cost was high. I wish I had read this book early in my career. Lot of things that he explains has already happened to me in my career. Still I was able to learn how to handle those situations successfully next time around. Reading open source code really helps to solve recurring problems quickly. I have experienced this in my job. The cover of this book really needs to be improved. The content of the book is much better than the quality of cover image 
As a Certified Information Systems Security Professional, I can definitively state that this book does not cover everything that needs to be covered or in any depth whatsoever. I got this book based on the glowing reviews I found here, and I'm at a loss as to why these reviews would have recommended it. The most aggrevating part about this book is the subtitle "An Integrated Approach to Security in the Organization." The book not only lacks effective security integration techniques, it doesn't seem to address the entire organization where it tries its half-hearted integration. 
As a therapist (16 yrs), I have been using the material in this book for reframing the experience of depression for my clients. The clients I have introduced this book to are now reframing their illness as an intiation into a greater understanding of their relation to self/soul. While at times dry for most laypeople, It has become a reference book for my practice 
I read this book and could not put it down. Mr Moyers will change the way of thinking for many as this disease has no limitations on the age in which this disease affects someone and all those around them. This book has insight and boundless wisdom for all generations involved. I would recommend all colleges make it madatory reading, and only wish somehow every adult knew it was available. 
Lets say you were reading a book on the mafia, written by John Gotti, or perhaps some lesser-known mobster. And there was nothing but glowing accolades for the mob and it's activities. Furthermore, anyone who opposed the mafia and it's activities was labeled an "extremist" and in the text, their names were never more than about 4 or 5 words away from words like "Ku Klux Klan," "racist," "bigoted," or "paranoid," you'd begin to suspect that the book was a bit biased, wouldn't you? "Americas Uncivil Wars" is a book written by Mark Lytle, a professor at Bard College. He documents events in American History, in this book, from the 1950's to about 1975. Practically every time a genuine conservative individual, or organization is mentioned in this book, it is associated to a racist organization, whenever Mr. Lytle doesn't add his own commentary. For example, on page 22, he says Joseph McCarthy revealed himself as a "mean-spirited slob." This is a far cry from the McCarthy I know, the McCarthy who wrote the brilliant "Americas Retreat from Victory" for example. And forget about anything good mentioned about the John Birch Society. Page 138: "Most Americans ignored the hooded Klansmen, the John Birchers, and other extremists..." never mind the fact that JBS is not and never was a racist or an extremist organization. But here is their name, sandwiched between the KKK and "extremist." It is a typical tactic of the left to associate the opposition with the "stench of racism" as Stalin may have put it (I don't remember his exact quote). But you might ask, what about on page 89 where he refers glowingly to William F. Buckley as "the cornerstone of the anti-communist wing of conservatism...?" Keep in mind that this is the same Buckley who years later, in Lingua Franca magazine, confessed that he would be a "Mike Harrington Socialist" or a "Communist" if he were college brat today. Now on the other hand, try to find anywhere in this book, the words "murderer," or even "extremist" in front of names like Mao Tse Tung, or Che Guevara or Tom Hayden, to name a few. There is a good reason for that, but I will leave it to your imagination, the reason why. In summary, should you decide to read this book, take it with a grain of salt, or better yet some motion-sickness pills because unless you are prone to the same convictions as our professor Lytle is, you're going to need a barf-bag 
First off, so much of the copy is devoted to his horrible sense of humor, imagine a junior high school student "acting big" to impress his friends with jokes, that type of annoying bravura humor is simply unrelenting throughout the book. It is filler. The illustrations are sized so big the actual technical content of the book is quite low. Just more filler. Finally, all the techniques in the book can be found during normal operation of PS, or at worst a few internet searches. I think this book is over-priced and I wish I could return it. Caveat emptor 
Exciting and highly entertaining story about 3 men who travel to the centre of the earth through an extinct volcano. Here they come across prehistoric forests, a giant subterranean sea inhabited by prehistoric marine dinosaurs, and some ancient offshoots of man. Although some of the science bits are outdated, implausable and sometimes drag a little, the book is still surprisingly modern and fresh after 140 years. Maybe the first adventure novel of this kind and certainly of influence on modern culture. 
I bought this book on a friend's recommendation. If I had been in a book store and could have read a page or two I would have known immediately it was not the type of book I would read. I'm sure it's wonderful for those who like it. I passed it on to a friend 
A moving story of a family of all boys from New Zealand who have a young sister named Meggie. They are hardworking lower class people who work the land and shear sheep. When the family moves to Australia to inherit property, young Meggie becomes bonded to the local Priest from the first day she saw him. As she grows up, the friendship blossoms into a school girl crush, then a first kiss. Meggie wants the relationship to go further... but she is not able to get her wish. Young Meggie is in love and is not able to forget Fr. Ralph no matter what she does. She soon moves away from the family homestead by becoming married to Luke O'Neal, a substitute for Fr. Ralph. Her marriage to Luke is terrible and she is extremely miserable. Fr. Ralph, in a moment of weakness and concern for Meggie's health, comes back into the picture. He cannot forget the love he had for Meggie either. Both are not able to say no and their passion overwhelmes them. The consequences of their act plague them for a lifetime... a remarkable story showing the vunerability, yet obedience to the priesthood 
For most of us, the area of thanatology is something quite new, despite the fact that death is such an intimate "companion" that can come at any moment of our lives, whether by degrees or instantaneously, irrelevant of our ethnic, social and economic backgrounds. It is a plain truth that can not be avoided, and no technological advancements can make it go away. I would personally like to consider death as the ultimate best friend who would never desert you, despite what your feelings may be. And as a child has the innocent ablity to humanize a doll or a toy soldier, the adult must equally do so with death, not shy away from it and be totally uncommunicative to what it means: the total cessation of physical life, for if one denys its existence and its inevitability, the person could not only suffer from added unnecessary physical heartache, but he or she could also augment the physical stress with mental, spiritual and religious grief as well. Submission to and acceptance of the truth, no matter how difficult it would be to hear, could be the highest catharsis that medicine could not come close to healing. In Elizabeth Kubler-Ross's classic study of the dying process, she interviews patients of various age brackets who teach the living what dying means to them. But even though the experience is individualistic to that specific person, the process of dying has a universality to it which connects us all. Hence, how do you take the sting from the wound? In On Death and Dying, you remove the sting by communication and by simply being there to let the patient say what he or she has to say, to let them vent, and at their own pace, go through the classic defined stages of the dying process: denial and isolation, anger, bargaining, depression and acceptance. The patients become our teachers. We learn of their fears, their possible financial burdens, in one woman's case, the fear of the worms, et cetera. But we also learn about what the families go through, their own anger and disbelief and guilt. It is about pacing and the opening up of repressed fear for all the people involved. Sometimes there is cohesion in the shock and anger, other times not. The United States is one of the most death-denying countries out there, a fact most evident with plastic surgery on the rise and chiseled bodies to reverse the aging process, for going foward means only one thing: death. Ross's overall message is that death does not have to be and is not the horror that we all think it is, the grim reaper with the skeletal hand and the sharpened scythe. Death has issues for everybody, doctors, faith-filled people, even Ross heself. It is a step that we are all going to take sooner or later. But it is comforting to know that we are all in it together. 
I use this book and/or refer someone to it almost every day in my line of work. I highly recommend it to anyone who works with color 
I absolutely love Janet Evanovich and the Stephanie Plum series, so when I saw this new series of books with her name on it, I grabbed them up. I couldn't even finish reading this book. It was so bad. The whole talking car concept was, frankly, just stupid. This was like watching an episode of Knight Rider, but without David Hasselhoff. The characters are flat, and the dialogue is stilted and contrived. I can only believe that Charlotte Hughes did most of the writing, and why on earth would Evanovich attach her name to this? Needless to say, I will not be reading the rest of the series. Spend your money on something worth reading 
This rare book details Aleister Crowley's ascension as the prophet of a new Aeon, the Aeon of Horus. Out of all the Aleister Crowley books in mass market format, this stood out in memory years after I read it as one of Crowley's most disturbing works. In fact, I questioned my new faith in Crowley's religion Thelema reading this book; this was for real and not a joke. After contemplating, I thought it would be worth it stick with this because witchcraft is now a cool thing amongst today's youth and Crowley was a famous early form of witchcraft as we know it today. This is serious stuff, I wouldn't mess around with this unless you are interested in the occult. It should be noted that real life ritual magick as described in these type of works really do work; I did a ritual from Necronomicon and Lesser Key of Solomon to help with a college Astronomy course- I got a respectable C grade when I close to failing with a D-. But be prepared for some harassment aboyt alleged satanism. 
The Oxford Atlas is the best of all competitors. It is full-size, high quality ink and paper, 368 pages and covers most areas of history from the caveman to the present time. I am not speaking of the concise edition but of the full-size edition. The ISBN number is #0195215672. This book covers about 2,000,000 years of history from the origins of humanity to the year 2000. The Atlas is the result of over three years' work by internationally renowned cartographers, an expert editorial team and specialist academic consultants 
One can't be sure that this book isn't deliberately exploiting a cynical belief that most business books are so bad, that if this weren't crappy, it wouldn't sell. Even for someone who believes in Csik's theory of flow, this book is a no-win blow-out. Instead of making clear statements backed by evidence, the book's tone and presentation are mere editorializing assertions. There is no reason to read this, when his original popularization, Flow, more carefully and clearly summarizes Csikszentmihalyi's interesting research. 
Book is out of date with modern economic thought. Essentially restates classical economics and provides little in the way of acceptance of the need for balance between government and the markets. 
I wish I could have back the numerous tedious hours slogging through White Noise to the bitter, bitter end. Not since Jane Smiley's Moo has such a dull tome been written aobut, among other things, Ameican academia. Little happens of note. No one cares about the cardboard characters. Someone gets shot in the belly, for no good reason. And yet this is fawnedover as a comic masterpiece by, among others, The New York Times. I ahve been told to read White Noise before I picked up Underworld. Have no fear. I'll undergo root canal without Novocain before I try that one on for size. I've been reading nothing but plumber's trade journals and German magazines just to try to get the taste of this novel out of my mouth for the past few days. I'm thinking of getting the definitive Curious George collection just so I don't have to read any words. At least that guy in the big yellow hat knew enough to keep his mouth shut, unlike that noncompoop Jack Gladney and his boring friends. If people prersist in thinking this is great literature, I suggest giving up reading altogether. 
This play was amazing! I am not a reader, and I couldn't put it down. I recommend this play for any actor. It will stretch your mind and acting abilities. 
to surmise, the book is about an actor who is hired to be a political figure. I will not reveal any more as to not ruin the nature of the plot. I felt that like some of heinlein's books, the book is plauged with politics, less science fiction, the only sci-fi thing about it is that the plot takes place in space, other than that, it's all politics. Same thing with Citizen of the galaxy, a book that starts off really well and ending with a theme that do not portray sci-fi rather it shows heinlein's knowledge in law. I felt that the book could have been much better and i don't see how it won the Hugo award. Conclusion: The book is a fun pass, but nothing more. don't expect any groundbreaking plot, or jaw dropping plot twists, just your old fashioned politicians-dear-diary 
This is the best book on creating wealth that I've ever read. Study this book. It's full of action points... not a bunch of fluff 
Mr. Bones is a very special dog, a dog who understands Ingloosh and almost speaks it. A dog who is happy roaming about the country with his master, Willie G. Christmas. If Willie is homeless, probably schizophrenic, certainly eccentric; if they rarely have enough to eat; if he doesn't always understand Willie's metaphysical ramblings--what does that matter between a dog and his best friend? Alas, in the first chapter, Willie is coughing up blood, and Mr. Bones knows that Willie is going to die. The entire story is told through the point of view of this remarkable dog. Is it the story of a dog? Or the story of Willie? Or the story of life in America? Or a story about love, alienation, betrayal and loss? Well, it's all of these. And what is Timbuktu? For that, you will have to read the book. I'm not going to tell you. Author Paul Auster is a genius with language. Somehow he draws you into this improbable story and makes it believable. More than believable. Compelling. Does he really get inside the mind of a dog? Who am I to say? I can only say that for me he makes the mind of a dog as believable and understandable as any other mind. Some reviewers expressed disappointment with this book, but I thought it was wonderful. Just let it speak in its own voice and take it for what it is and you will love it. I recommend Timbuktu highly. Reviewed by Louis N. Gruber 
Jiraishin is completely new cop drama. There's no extremely humane hero.And no beauty as his partner. But I felt a lot of touching emotions by this.It's really interesting 
Let me start by saying that I would have given this book zero stars if I could. The reviews I've read are all true. This book is boring, extremely repetitive and a waste of time. The only reason I finished it was because I paid for it. I truly believe that Danielle Steel has lost her gift of writing. She has not published a good book in a long time. I also think that she's lost her editor, because to me, a good editor wouldn't let books like this be printed. This story pretty much follows stories she's done before except it's told from the guy's point of view. There's the rich guy, Charlie, who can't seem to find the "perfect" girl to marry. He finds a flaw with every one he dates. He lost his parents at a young age, his sister left school to raise him, and just before he graduated college, she died of a brain tumor. So of course he's afraid that anyone he gets close to will die or leave him. Then there's rich Adam, whose wife left him and took their two children with her. It was a bitter divorce, so he has no desire to ever marry again. He dates girls half his age and never stays with one long. His parents blame him for the divorce. Every time he visits them, his mother let's him know what a huge disappointment he is to the family. The last of the trio is Gary, a struggling artist. He has no desire to ever marry or date. The three men spend the month of August each year on Charlie's yacht, partying and going on and on about how they don't want commitments. Well of course, each one meets someone, they start to date, they argue, they break up, they have their epiphany and everyone lives happily ever after. Same old story. Danielle Steel should stop writing. You can't tell me she doesn't have enough money to live on. I for one will not read any more of her books, even a paperback, and I won't even bother renting them from the library. I won't waste my time having to check the book out and worrying about getting it back on time. There are better authors available and I'm going to read them 
Sure this book is only for beginner or outsider of Cosulting business. But then, for the price of this book, I would rather buy a much cheaper book but with more useful information and ideas - such as Consulting for Dummies. The book is full of motherhood statements and it is more liked written by a grand mom and she called herself consultant; But come on, Consulting is a highly skillful business that require structural, systematic yet creative thinking. Overall, I think this book is a waste of money for experienced consultant. While for beginner, the reader will risk the wrong impression that it's this easy to win a consulting work - highly unlikely in a complex and competative world 
I thought that the two books previous to this in the Duncan Kincaid/Gemma James series were slight disappointments. Kincaid seemed relegated to a side character with Gemma taking the lead. IN A DARK HOUSE is an excellent mystery that brings the two back to equal ground and re-establishes them as one of the best partnerships in mystery fiction 
Here is a book written for literally anyone who wants to learn lessons for life on how to get rich. And for all those desperados out there dreaming of getting fantastically rich with ridiculously little effort: here is your guide. You will learn that making money and getting rich isn't hard at all, but it requires a little discipline. There are only a handful of tips given in this book, but they are sufficient to make a real difference in your wallet and a real difference in your life! The style is very easy to understand and very straight-forward. A child could read this book, even though the setting is that of the ancient city of Babylon, but that makes the story and the lesson all the more interesting. Five stars are awarded to this book and trust me, you'll agree with me 
This book is full of useful insights. I was fortunate to hear Reichheld present this content at a seminar for marketing professionals. While some reviewers have complained that his approach is overly simplistic, I doubt any of them have actually applied his methodology to their business. I applied his methodology to my business (direct selling) and had over 6,000 interviews completed to identify promoters, passives and detractors in the businesses of independent distributors. Consistent with Reichheld's findings, the segments of my business that were growing fastest had more promoters in their respective customer bases and were performing better across a wide range of metrics. From the detailed findings, we identified best practices that were leveraged across the entire business. Buy the book. Have an open mind. Apply the concepts he has laid out. If you do, you will walk away with useful ideas to accelerate the growth of your business 
Simply Awesome! I keep having to stop the tape so it can sink in 
Mr. O'Nan should have taken a refresher course in basic writing. His skipping and skimming and throwing to and fro people, events, etc., is downright frustrating and confuses the project. Unlike superior literary treatments (see Walter Lord's TITANIC), this book leave you with more questions than anything else and the urge to take a long, hot shower. 
I saw the 1963 classic first, which happens to be one of my most favourite ghost movies of all time! (what a major disappointment the remake was). So as soon as I could a got a copy of this. It was an awesome novellete. I read it in one sitting, couldn't put it down! I do have to say I enjoyed the movie better...but this is a great journey as well. 
If you walk into B and flip through (not even buy!) the other "well known/recommended" pregnancy books you'll get much more information than what Douglas offers. If you're lazy/want a quick read, this book is for you. If you're looking for a comprehensive tell-all (which the title and reviews lead you to believe), this is *not* the book for you. This was a total waste of money! If I had know it was this bad I would have just used my money to buy diapers instead. 
Great gift from Grandmother. Children love this book. It's a great book for anybody learning the English language. EVERY class should have this book. This is a gift that everybody appreciates. Get the book down for the child to look at and learn. Great teaching tool! Exceptional pictures! I always buy two--one for the new grandchild, and a copy goes to the school, when they start school. You have my vote for the VERY BEST 
I fail to understand the complaints of two previous reviewers. This beautiful glossy volume is an excellent compendium of previosly publisned Cook's Illustrated recipes. In style and format it would make an excellent first choice for anyone wishing to be introduced to a selection of the best of the best recipes from America's Teet Kitchen (i. e. Cook's Illustrated) without the tediousness of having to wade through lengthy descriptions of how the recipes were arrived at. The cooks at America's Test Kitchen test each recipe up to fifty! times, often in several versions before arriving at the what they (and their taste testers) feel is the very best recipe. No other cookbooks offer this degree of security to the home cook. Chapters include: Starters and Salads, Soups and Stews, Vegetables and Side Dishes, Eggs and Breads, Pasta, Meat, Poultry, Seafood, and Desserts. Throughout, are guides and charts to everything from grains to the best bakeware (also kitchen tested). The recipes range from familiar comfort food (e. g. Buttermilk Mashed Potatoes, Glazed Meatloaf, and Deep-dish Apple Pie) to "show-off" company fare (e.g. Baked Brie en Croute, Grill-roasted Chinese Style Duck, and Dark Chocolate Mousse). If your looking for recipes that work everytime, do yourself a favor and purchase any Cook's Illustrated cookbook, including this one. You won't be dissappointed. 
The companion web site mentioned in the book is not there. When I typed in that URL, I got redirected to Peachpit's advertising site of this book, but no "links", "tools", nor "examples" mentioned in the book at all! 
This is a badly written, repetitive and self-serving account, largely, of the foolishness of portflio insurance. That things which are just like something else may not be so in reality, and that magic fixes in the market (which after all fly in the face of the rational-expectations/efficient-market hypotheses which often are built into the view of the market being relied on) I guess needs to be pointed out regularly, since hope of quick, uninformed, and painless fixes seem to reoccur with each new wave of financial charlatans and the greed they feed on. Jacobs does point out such problems for a particular, rather bizarre episode, and suggests, not too coherently, that such scams are still prevalent. However, He does this in a horribly repetitive and self-laudatory way that is not really very clearly argued 
lIKE A MYSTERY NOVEL AT FIRST THEN LIKE A FICTIONAL JOKE BUT CRAZY AS IT SOUNDS IT WORKS. It is intresting to apply the guidlines Bob recommends for getting out of the rut of lifes financial strifes and other problems of life. I found it easy to understand and even if it challenges your lifes beliefs keep reading . Good Stuf 
While I enjoy adventure stories for the casual reading they are and have read all of Cussler's, I was disturbed by a lot of the assumptions in this and other of his recent books. This is transparently hawkish; an ultra-conservative defense of the questionable actions of the very furthest right of the political spectrum. (One could even suspect it was commissioned or at least underwritten by these elements.) It reflects the current culture that decrees all means justify the end - as long it benefits the right people. Cussler's recent books portray that it's OKAY for Americans to go into other countries - with which we are not at war - and kill its citizens for some secret government agenda. That it's OKAY for our US government to hire out "black ops" in secret because it's against our laws to do so openly. Through the years, I've tolerated Cussler's blatant sexism, juvenile writing style, improbable exploits of cartoonish heroes. However, he has veered into political territory that offends me but even more, terrifies me that it may be the truest part of his stories 
The Winner and Absolute truth made me continue reading Baldacci books.His last few books Christmas Train and Split Second were awful.Now Baldacci takes his left leaning anti american feelings and tries to shove it down our throats.That was the last money I ever spend on a Baldacci book,I even threw out his good books. Shut up Baldacci and write fiction books. Your ideas do not get through in this non fiction world 
Ask your favorite Liberal or Socialist the following objective question and you'll quickly find out how totally vile many Liberals, Socialists and Do-Gooders are: "If you, as an elected Government bureaucrat could send a poor, black child to a violent, academically inferior Government public school (K-12) for $15,000 per child per year of taxpayer money, OR, send that same poor black child to a nurturing, academically superior Private or Parochial school (K-12) for $7,500 per child per year of taxpayer money To which school would you, Ms. Liberal, send that child?" For over 13 years Liberals, Socialists and most Do-Gooders have bravely answered: "I, as a good Liberal, would send that poor black child to the violent, academically inferior Government School!" Save a poor black kid for $7,500 per year? or Destroy a poor black kid for $15,000 per year? And most Do-Gooders and Liberals choose expensive destruction? Have fund asking your Liberal friends the above question and watch the squirming. 
Flip the Switch is an excellent book. I'm 29 and tired of being overweight. I bought this book months ago. I read half of it, then moved from Seattle to Valdez, Alaska. All the while I was moving, I could not stop thinking about this book. As soon as my shipment arrived, I found the book ASAP and finished it. I have seen that some complain about the resistance products he promotes in his books. I look at it this way: Spend a ton of money on a gym membership or spend around $10.00 for a resistance rope - PLUS - you get to do this in the privacy of your home. This is a great idea, especially for women that have children, a job and the home to contend with. Jim Karas was overweight for several years. He can relate to me. He revels on the fact that resistance training is the way to go and thank goodness because I simply cannot handle cardio workouts due to a bad back. The running and "stepping" in cardio is too much for me. This is a great book for anyone but women will especially appreciate the convenience 
Tipler says many times "as I have proved". Huh? What the f is he talking about? There is no proof in this stinking pile of filth. He's got an abundance of physics in the back of the book-I'd like to hear from a physicist if any of that crap makes any sense, but I don't think it should matter. I am intelligent enough to understand basic physics concepts, and Tipler just doesn't make any sense. His writing is so bad that anyone who reads this entire thing will have wasted a colossal ammount of time. The more books you read, the sooner you know when to stop reading, put the book down, and read a work of fiction instead, which can play with such ideas without boring you to death 
Gilbert Ryle shows a great skill in condensing his whole argument in a succinct metaphor. On page 16, he writes: "A foreign stranger visiting the Oxford campus is shown libraries, department buildings, and museums. Then he asks "But where is the University?". This is the "category mistake". Cartesian question "Where is the mind?" has a same confusion, he asserts. A famous epigram "Ghost in the Machine" is sometimes misinterpreted. His point is that there is NO "ghost". What we think ghost (spirit) does not exist (therefore ghost!). Although the philosophy of ordinary language and the logical behaviorism, the British school represented by Wittgenstein and Ryle, had an its apogee in 50's, its crux of reasoning still has an important element. I still feel the current dominant school in cognitive science such as functionalism has a long way to go, before it can make it acceptable for broader spectrum of scientists whose prime mode of thinking is purely materialistic or physicalistic. 
If you're going to write about the city that is Paris, you'd better be up to the task. Gopnik may have the writing and observation skills that would have served this assignment well, but this collection of essays generally falls flat. For someone who resided in the City of Light for 5 whole years, Gopnik gives us a surprisingly myopic picture constrained by his own self-absorption. Those who are interested in Paris and its natives will be sorely disappointed in the smug chronicles of a New Yorker who regards himself and his son to be the most interesting elements of this city. I have zero interest in My-Toddler-Does-Paris stories and Gopnik's relentless insertion of his look-how-cute-my-kid-is accounts should have been saved for a family re-union instead of wasting precious space that could have been used for more interesting topics. For a better book on Paris cuisine and culture, check out the collection of Gourmet essays from the last 60 years titled 'Remembrance of Things Paris'. It provides a wider variety of perspectives and a more expansive and interesting view of Paris -- and it's blessedly free of all that baby's-scrapbook stuff. 
The cover claims that the book has been "revised and updated for the digital age," but Winston's information on technological tools is both superficial and already dated. The term, "PDA," does not even appear in the index 
I have read almost all of Greg Bear's books and loved EON and ETERNITY as well as THE FORGE OF GOD and ANVIL OF STARS. I found LEGACY a little disappointing compared to EON and ETERNITY, which preceded them. The narrative spends a lot of time on the human interactions of the characters, and not much time on the technological concepts of the flaw and gate openers, which I missed. I did finish this book and at times was quite spellbound by it. Not Mr. Bear's best work, but a must-read if you have read EON and ETERNITY 
This is perhaps the most disappointing King book I have ever read (and considering that I have read "Desperation" and "Insomnia" that is saying a lot). The storyline was okay until the author lost me by inserting himself into the story. I have no problem with characters from other stories popping up but for the author to become a character was over the top. The only thing I found interesting about King as a character was the diaries that appear as the last chapter of the book. I thought this was a blatant attempt to market his other books by having them referenced throughout the book. I would guess that anybody that reaches Song of Susannah has read is a faithful reader of King and does not need to be reminded of all his previous works (which as of late have been bad with the exception of "The Green Mile: Hey, Steve, if I wanted to read an infomercial I'll read my junk mail. I cannot wait to read the last Dark Tower book so I can be put out of my misery 
As the reviewer from Jackhorn, KY stated, this book lacks original research. If you read the section on the "house church movement" and then go to the website for The Homechurch Homepage, you will see that Mr. Wolfe hacked away at many of the articles on the site to obtain his "research." For the many quotes he used from the website, not once were any of the authors contacted by Mr. Wolfe in order to do any original research. If he had done so, he would have come away with a different take than he wrote in his book 
Design is a difficult process that is often associated more with art than science. With principles of style, concerns about how design works. While many wring their hands about this, Alexander breaks the problem down, organizes it and then provides a framework for design that is relatively design neutral. That is a feat in deed. By thinking about how one structures a problem space and the bias that creates -- Alexander give the practioner a powerful tool for setting up the design process and scope. He then goes on to discuss the design process and he makes important distinctions between concious and unconcious design. Notes on Synthesis and Form are the foundation for Alexander's work on design patterns. This is the must read book before spending time on these other works. For the practioner, this book provides a powerful and applicable framework for addressing problems in multiple disciplines. 
I was anxious to try the Artisanal gougere recipe, and I was not disappointed! The cheese puffs were light and cheesey and beautiful to look at! I compared his recipe to Le Cordon Blue recipe, and his adds a pinch of baking powder and about 2-3 times the amount of cheese. Plus he give approximate mixing times, which was a blessing for me since I had never made cream puff dough before. The Cordon Blue version had no mixing times and with such a small amount of cheese compared to the Artisanal version I cannot believe that it would be anywhere near as good. This book appears to have Terence's personal touch, not just regurgitation of classic bistro recipes 
This is my 3rd McDermid novel, I previously read 'Mermaids Singing' and 'Wire in the Blood.' McDermid writes good prose but in this 3rd novel I see dangerous repetitions in character types which, if repeated in the next Tony Hill/Carol Jordan book will make that one my last purchase. Generally McDermid paints female police officers as brighter, more diligent and more intuitive than their male counterparts, as well as more often homosexual. The men, with the exception of leading man Tony Hill, are mostly all egotistical, back-stabbing, power-hungry morons of the lowest order, while Hill is rendered impotent -- a redundant bit of emasculation since all the other males are castrated of their moral fiber. The slow mating dance between Hill and Jordan gets a lot of buildup and little payoff. And in this book, the serial killer and the surrounding hunt for him are as limply portrayed as Dr. Hill. The emotional connection between Hill and the killers in the two previous books is missing here, making the entire killer plot read like an afterthought. And the real villain -- not the serial killer but a drug-pushing / illegal-immigrant smuggler loses character focus as the reader is given reason to sympathize with him as well as with the killer. The climactic scenes involving the capture of one villain and the death of another are without any sense of thrill or danger. I was extremely disappointed with this book 
When I bought this book, I didn't realize it was mostly just a consolidated writing of Friedman's collumns in the Times. I think Friedman is a great author with lots of great insights, but he isn't able to go into his ideas in depth as much as I would have liked in a bunch of detached 750-1000 word segments. Since the sections are arranged chronologically, there also isn't the opportunity to tie the themes together. If you really like Friedman, then it's worth a read, but if you are in it for just one, I'd read The Lexus and the Olive Tree first. It is by far his best 
I don't own this book nor have I read it, but if that first sentence is any indication of the quality of writing, I won't ever. It is not a sentence. One would think you would save your non-sentences for someplace else in a book, not start off with one, giving your readers the impression that you are all hat and no cattle before you even make your points 
While I found the writing style good and the information interesting, the actual diet was unrealistic, too restrictive and lacking fun basics that make other diets tolerable. I found myself longing for spices (how bad could pepper really be?) and questioning the validity of their restriction. I couldn't stand the ground-up flax seeds in my cranberry cocktail - the texture reminded me of trying to drink mud with little bugs in it (or what I imagine that to be). I'm not writing this to disparage anyone from trying the diet - if you can handle the restrictions and you have the self-control required, you might find this diet doable and rewarding. I tried the Fat Flush with a group from work - inspired by one woman who is able to do the flush again and again every year (she always gains the weight back). The rest of us, while successful for varying degrees of short periods, found the diet unrealistic for any long-term results - all of us gained the weight back and spurred by instant weight loss, some even picked up worse habits than they began with. The funny thing is I found much of the health information useful or interesting, but I got rid of the book b/c sitting on my shelf it reminded me of unrealistic goals and failure - not what I want out of a get-healthy plan. I'm writing this review so that others don't get sucked in by all of the positive reviews hoping for lasting results - 3 of us didn't have any 
Please take this to HEART.... I love Mr. Belushi's acting, he's funny and all...I have nothing against his career and respect him for making all the changes he did in his life... BUT...I cannot say this louder then this: NOT ALL WOMEN ARE THE SAME!!!!!!!!!!!! I was reading this, I knew what I was to expect...so I went in with SOME knowledge. I love a real man, I LOVE A REAL MAN!! I am NOT your a-typical woman and I will kill or die trying to remain myself. When ever I see book after book or hear more and more about this ..... I just fume because I will be the FIRST to admit WOMEN'S LIB DESTROYED WOMANHOOD! BUT and I repeat BUT...NOT ALL WOMEN ARE FOR WOMEN'S LIB AND ALL THE DAMAGE CAUSED IS NOT SUPPORTED BY ALL WOMEN. I am destroyed by people like Mr. Belushi because THEY think I am one of the group called 'all women' and am judged because I belong to this group. His book is the most selfish book I have ever read and again, do not get me wrong about being a man, I SUPPORT IT AND CAN'T STAND a man who can't be a man.... for ME, money is NOT status, a career is NOT status and marriage does not complete me! If you fail at making the money you want, I'll encourage you to lift your spirits and NEVER tell you what job to do...if you don't have the money to take me out or buy me anything, I don't judge the quality of who you are, I will enjoy a night in front of the dvd player with you and I'M HAPPY! I don't ask you to call because I'm checking up on YOU, I ask you to call and let me know you're safe....I don't snoop in your stuff because I'm NOSEY, I respect your privacy because I TRUST you - give me reason to stand up and NOT take your crap and I will, but ONLY after I shower you with unconditional love and acceptance because I GIVE IT TO YOU, and if that still hasn't reached you, all I can do is then stand up for myself where my man should be protecting me. Yes, chivalry IS the key to this girls heart, but you better have a set to back that up too! Your friends are my friends and I love them because I love you and you love them...nothing more, but they sure do take by destroying us since they don't have the 'us' in their own lives... I SUPPORT and WISH THERE WERE more real men out there...there are only two wants from this woman to her man 1-don't cheat on me and lie to my face, I NEED THAT SECURITY (pay attention, my security does NOT come from YOUR paycheck, it comes from your arm wrapped around me, PROTECTING me with your love) and 2- it is YOUR job to take care of us and when you can't, I am right there to get your back NOT to get in your way, NOT to diminish you, but to HELP YOU when you say you need my help. That did not cost you your friends, did not cost a penny and it did not cost you your freedoms as a man. I GIVE FREELY, LOVINGLY, UNCONDITIONALLY and ALWAYS not because of the notches on your bedpost, not because it cost you a dime, not because you did it MY way, not because you gave up one dang thing - I gave you every reason to WANT to give me your arm around me and your WANT to protect me. Two things is all I need to give you an entire lifetime of love, honor, RESPECT and every ounce of my body to you...FREELY...got it??? I am halfway through the book and realized that yeah, I love one of the biggest jerks out there because of who he's become, I will love him til the day I die and will always and I mean ALWAYS give him that love, RESPECT as a man and honor him as MY man....because 'I' want to change ME to be a better woman, not because he got whipped into what I wanted him to be! NOT ALL WOMEN FIT THE BILL OF TRUE WAMONHOOD but I sure am dang proud of myself that I strive for it 
This book tries to convince non-Christian skeptics but seems to spend too much time justifying orthodox perceptions and concepts of prayer and liturgy, without addressing fundamental objections 
I love this book!! I've owned it for about a year now, but just got it back after a very long visit to my mother-in-law. (3 months) She loved the book also and didn't want to give it back! She bought one of her own! Thank goodness! I think she got tired of reading the recipes over the phone to me! lol! Anyways great book, lots of information. Also great for what ever size machine you have. Does small (1lb), Med. (1 1/2lbs.) and large (2lbs). for each recipe. 
Don't be excited about this book's small size and light weight, the text needs more examples to support you while doing homework. Breif chapter explantions caused me to nearly fail my class. Was NOT a gret book, in fact many students complained to the Dean regarding this book. Good luck 
If you're interested in reproducing authentic costumes, you won't find a better guide to hats and bonnets than this book. I haven't found anything close to it. Intended for collectors, it is full of photographs showing what women wore on their heads for the 200 year period covered. Today a hat is usually something worn strictly to protect from inclement weather. Until a generation or so ago, no woman felt dressed in public unless she wore some kind of hat. It's a valuable addition to any costume library 
This was a comprehensive collection of statistics and War Department strategy notes but it had no life. It gave no feel for the soldier, sailor or marine on the ground. It was all acronyms and big picture strategy. If you are looking for something less academic and more readable try a different account of the battle. Since this was one of the most gruelling and bloody encounters of the war, the participants should get more ink. Here, the brass get all the attention 
A Jules Vernes classic, this is one of those novels that has stood up well against the test of time. True, there are some items that may seem a bit dated, and of course the whole scenario of the fantastic adventure to the depths of the earth is impossible. Yet, this novel is still a joy to read. With a stoic Icelander as their guide, a renowned professor and his reluctant and skeptical nephew descend into the depths of a volcano in the vast frozen tundra of the Arctic, as the adventurers attempt to retrace the steps of a renowned alchemist. Contrary to popular belief (and scientific reality), the party descends deeper into the bowels of the earth, which is remarkably of a mild climate and not a boiling inferno. I won't serve as spoiler, but sufficed to say, that they uncover vast new worlds and creatures living in the subterranean world hundreds of miles beneath the terrestrial crust of the earth. Vernes does attempt to make their descent seem plausible from a scientific standpoint. Their instruments, a crude electric light and others, would be considered state-of-the art for their time. Vernes also goes in great detail to describe the geological formations and fossilized remains contained in the earth. Vernes also attempts to explain how it is possible to travel so far under the surface of the earth without increased pressure harming the body. And if you take Verne's theories to heart (although modern science refutes them), their journey is plausible. However, I do have a couple minor gripes. Vernes goes into great detail describing fossils and rock formations, which no doubt lend scientific credence to his novel. Although this may interst a geologist or paleontologist, the rest of the masses (myself included) probably find this too tedious and distracting from the main story line. Also, there is one glaring scientific discrepancy with Vernes logic. During their rapid ascent (the details I won't reveal), the adventurers would have surely perished from decompression sickness (a.k.a., "the bends"). Although it was still a new phenomena at the time, I believe Vernes should have taken into account the rapid change in pressure, as he did during their slow descent into the abyss. The nitpicking aside, this is a superb novel that has withstood the test of time. A modern reader will no doubt be entertained and enthralled at Verne's vision of a subterranean world. Nearly a century and a half later, Vernes' works still inspire awe and imagination 
I started reading this book expecting to like it - it's historical, related to Little Women, won the Pulitzer, doesn't feel like fluff, etc. However I had a really difficult time getting into the book. For one, the language sounded much more pretentious than historically accurate. I've read other works from the time period she's supposed to be writing in, and rather than feeling in keeping with that era, this book felt indicitive of someone who makes full use of her thesaurus. Also, I haven't read her other book so i didn't enter this novel with a trust for the author. Consequentally, I found that as she mentioned connections to Little Women, I became defensive. She had not proven to me that she had the right to use this work. In some of her character choices, such as one of the first encounters between March and Marmee (I'm not going to go into details so as not to spoil the scene), I believe that she made a radical departure from anything that Alcott would have written of her characters, and that Brooks really did not stay true to the original. The first half of the book is also really dry. This could just be my personal taste, but the first half moved so slowly! The book started to pick up about half way through. Overall, the story being told and the Civil War aspects weren't bad, and could be a decent story in their own right if she'd just speed things along at the beginning. However, I think Brooks did the book a major disservice by linking it to Little Women. I bristled every time she mentioned an individual from the book, because she was really changing their characters (other than Aunt March). The choices that Brooks' characters made were not in keeping with choices they may have made in Alcott's book. In the afterward, Brooks discussed her research and how she actually based the March family and particularly Mr. March more on the Alcott family itself than on the characters from Little Women, even commenting how the March Family in Alcott's book isn't very interesting, and how "Nobody in real life is such a goody-goody as that Marmee." If she felt that way, then why use them as the basis for her book? Seen in that context, her earlier *huge* liberties with Marmee's character seem to just be a way to "stick it" to Alcott: "ha ha, look how much more realistic Marmee is now! 
For decades, many male professors have made the same excuses for sexual exploitation of their students--to the fury of feminists. To read a feminist using the same rationalizations is both nauseating and infuriating 
You know that guy down the street who acts awful snake-like? What about the cashier at Walmart who is catty? And there are always people in our lives that could easily be one of many species of monkeys. Neil Gaiman shows through fiction that there may be more to these strange characters in our lives than we realize. In this novel, gods (which represent animals) roam the earth in the bodies of humans. The main character is the clever, trouble-loving spider who interacts with other animal-gods in everyday human life. This book, along with other science fiction books, has given me an appreciation of the creativity of the human imagination. The strong point of this novel is the humor employed by Neil Gaiman. On par with Douglas Adams, the author of Anasi Boys fills the pages with quirky, pop-culture laden humor. The main character, Fat Charlie, I found much in common with. His awkward moments with friends, family and everyone else reveal a social insecurity that many are familiar with. The story, however, isn't anything special. I like witches and animal-gods as much as the next guy, but the plot is uninteresting. It is a rare book that combines wit with plot, and this is not one of those rare books. 
Harvey Mackay was one of the first authors I had read on how to run a business. The book is written in an entertaining manner, and contains a great deal of fantastic advice. To this day, friends who were around me when I read this book in college will quote parts of it back to me. It contains tidbits of guidance, some great, some small. All good. 
So, being a fan of all forms of literature, more specifically challenging[faulkner], pretentious[d.h. lawrence] and original[kafka] works, I was surprised at how long it took me to get around to reading what's considered Pynchon's most imporant work. Important 40 years ago, perhaps, but the test of time has totally obliterated the supposed wit in this one. Oh man, the radio station is KCUF, boy, that's incredibly clever, I bet it's, like, something spelled backwards. I fully understand what Pynchon was trying to accomplish with this work, to skewer extreme right wing nut jobs, among other things, all while giving us a story with no particular plot, no moral, no message. I can understand it, but it doesn't mean it's worth my time, I didn't even finish it. I read about half and then just dropped it to the floor. I've read in numerous reviews of Haruki Murakami's work that he's a latter day, Japanese, Pynchon. I don't agree, Murakami's ability to create a surreal dream-like atmosphere is amazing, Pynchon is a hack 
This book is inspiring! The coverage is very broad and it can serve as a handbook for graduate students. Even the hardest bits of econometrics are explained in an easy to understand way. My personal favourites are chapters 16, 17 and 18. I will definetely buy a hardcover of the next edition of this econometrics masterpiece. Summing up, it's one of my favourite books. 
Terrier will not disappoint Tamora Pierce fans! The narration is done through first person, told as a journal. This is particularily challenging for authors to do well as it is easy to loose the flow of the story, and difficult to account for actions the narrator hasn't seen. But Tamora has performed her usual magic, snatching up the readers' interest from the first page and holding it until the last (I even read all of the notes pages and the bio). Readers may find it difficult to put down. Once again it will be hard to wait for the next boo 
I was at first rather impressed by the epic size of the book thinking it must contain something new about the comedian. Well, I was wrong. It was long, tedious and nasty. Granted, Chaplin was not perfect, but the author's preoccupation with his imperfections borders on sickening. A better title for this book would be 'Trash, what I think of Charlie'. Joyce Milton would do well writing for tabloids.. 
Earlier this year I reviewed what many will see as the companion volume to this book ("Photoshop Blending Modes Cookbook for Digital Photographers"), written by the same author. Unfortunately, the newer publication is less useful. It seems to have been written on a pretext that it's clever to be able to duplicate what traditional artists can do. This seems - from my own personal viewpoint - to be greatly undervaluing the power of Photoshop (and similar software). Practitioners of digital fine art should (really, constructively) be looking to explore what the principles of prior and traditional art can mean within a new domain. Plus, the book gets off to a definitely poor start. The second and longer of two introductory sections is titled "The Tricks of the Trade". Well it would be better if just some of the "tricks" had been explained in full and more accurately. Say, how to make a selection in Photoshop from the best available precursor (a black-and-white alpha channel). Or say again, how to make tonal corrections to the original photograph using a luminance mask. Then again, the first (and shorter) of the introductory chapters, titled "The Artist's Eye", is just a teaser. This topic - pre-visualizing what can be achieved as an output image when composing the original photographic input - could have benefited from a much more detailed explanation/argument. Indeed, it could even merit an expansive concluding chapter (but the book doesn't have one of those at all ....). This is, after all, at the very core of what the user could harness to any given artistic objective. Additionally, I think that it's strange that a book such as this simply makes no reference at all to what could be printed from the recipes it contains. Some of the finished (output) images might look quite intriguing as 3 by 5 inch reproductions in the book - but does the methodology hold up if you're targeting a 20 by 36 inch output (say) on a large format printer? And what to do if that's not the case? Finally, and in common with the earlier companion volume, this book suffers from strange and inconsistent layouts of screenshots and text, plus all sorts of technical and editing omissions/errors (which include, for example, having the wrong screenshot in the wrong recipe - see p.108) 
It still amazes me that anyone takes Gould seriously. He is an admitted Marxist, and he allows his social beliefs to influence science. That is not science. Science is a dispasionate search for the truth. I get the feeling reading this book that Gould doesn't like what the truth is, so he wants to shape the way we see the truth. They used to do that in the middle ages when it started to look like the earth revolved around the sun. Gould tries to claim that Samuel George Morton fudged his data on measuring skull sizes. This is not true. Morton conducted his tests with integrity, and only one error was found which actually benefited the measurements of a non-Caucasian group (Kevin McDonald, "Culture of Critique", 36). General intelligence is not a "statistical artifact" as Gould wants to promote. Gould or any other scientist who wants to take Darwin out of biological sciences should be viewed with extreme skepticism 
I am newly preg too. I went out and got this book without reading any reviews. I sum it up this way: a pompous composition of contradiction and condescension. I can't stand the tone and the constant jabs seemingly mocking you and having a GREAT OLD TIME enjoying those pains you will be feeling! IE ..And all those trips to the bathroom to hug the toilet. Ha ha ha... Last night, I'm reading her stupid book and I get some good advice on what to do with your friends who are smokers. I would just not be near them while they smoke. Period. She says to threaten them with the law that protects non-smokers. Good idea...If that doesn't work, Ask them ALL TO QUIT because YOU are pregnant. And if that doesn't work try being nice. I don't know many smokers but I don't know even one who would smoke in a house or one who would smoke outside and blow the smoke in my face. Another comment that really got me..Take a good look at your slim waistline because won't see it for a LONG TIME! (Implied: OR Ever!) I take pride in keeping myself fit. I am a little freaked about the weight issue. I find that comment insensitive to a point of being twisted. What about the first-timers who are also former eating disorders --like me. Even the woman on the cover of this book looks like a Stepford Wife. 
This review is written from the perspective of a serious home cook that has been studying cooking for 25 years and concentrating on Italian cooking for the last 10 years. This book is targeted to anyone that wants to learn the history of Italian cooking. This book is full of both information and recipes. This was one of my first Italian cookbooks, and is still one of my favorites. This book is an authentic Italian cookbook not the Italian-American type that we are accustomed to in the USA. If you want a good comprehensive book on authentic Italian food this is one of the books that I would recommend. However, if you are a beginner Italian cook, this is not the book for you. The directions are written for someone that is familiar with the Italian kitchen. The author assumes you have a basic knowledge of the Italian kitchen and typical recipes. One complaint, and it is minor, is the lack of glossy photographs that I have become so accustomed to in cookbooks. The recipes in this book more than make up for the lack of photographs. Overall this book is highly recommended for those that are serious about Italian cooking 
Talk about a warm, fuzzy, heart touching book, this is it. Authors Allen Linda Anderson have touched on the very core of the existence of our beloved pet, the dog. Taking accounts from numerous people they share with us stories of courage, love,loyalty, sacrifice and more that our four legged friends have bestowed on humans. After each story we have a short meditation that enhances the read. I am a dog lover so for me this just re-enforced their need in our world and helped me appreciate them more. Are they indeed sent from our Maker as messengers of love? I believe that may well be true. If you love dogs, or even if you just want to understand their unique service to man; this book is for you.Written in a tender, honest, interesting and absorbing way; you will find it difficult to put this book down. I recommend "Angel Dogs" highly. Absolutely amazing insight! 
This is a great book about risk. Very valuable. Written in a clear and easy to understand style. A bargain at 5 times the price. You can't get this info and data anywhere else 
I have to say I truly hated this book. The premise sounded interesting so I decided to give it a try. I've read all her other books in the series and found the characters to be quirky. This time I found her usual friends and co-workers to be boring and self involved caricatures. The groundwork was there for an interesting serial killer with complex motivation but it never developed that way. The constant head hopping was annoying and the ending came out of nowhere. Cromwell has obviously gotten bored with her characters and it shows. This is my last Cromwell 
My sister, whom moved out and had never cooked a thing in her life, really enjoyed the benefits from this book! The moment she saw it on my shelf, she snatched it up and took it home and I haven't seen it since. I hear she's cooking some great meals and hope she'll invite me over for dinner sometime soon! ; 
This is a great book for anyone who wants a old world country feel to their home. The illustrations are beautiful and the decorating advice is thoughtfully planned out 
I read the second edition of this book since it is enlarged with the study of the housing market. The phenomenon of bubbles and negative bubbles or collapses is described extremely well by means of statistical data of markets for over a century and a half. The raw data is adjusted to inflation to give a realistic perspective of the trends and patterns. Bubbles seem to be occurring at regular intervals typically based on the "new era" story and everyone believes at least during the heady days that good times are here to stay. But as shown by proven evidence of the past, no bubble has sustained itself permanently and good reason prevails sooner or later. When this happens, the bloated bubble collapses and the hangover is terrible. The story so far is quite simple. But what makes this book so interesting is the depth of research and the manner in which the phenomenon is studied and explained. The combination of mass psychology and market prices is at the core of this book. For bubbles to happen, information flow is the key. Media plays a significant role in disseminating information and bubbles seem to have originated in recorded history after the advent of the print media. In recent times electronic media particularly the television and the internet play a significant role in speeding up bubble formation and also the reversals. Media needs a storyline and this story needs to be continued to retain customers on a daily basis. Stock market is the ideal place that offers an opportunity to try one's luck if a casino is far away. Backed by on-line dedicated news channels and internet trading, well, it is not surprising that we have day traders in herds. In such situations fundamentals like industry analysis and P/E ratios take a backseat as explained by the author. Historical averages are breached and a euphoria of "once in a life time opportunity" prevails. What happens to the Efficient Markets Theory in such situations?. Since this theory says that markets are perfectly priced based on all publicly available information there cannot be a situation of either under pricing or over pricing. This book perfectly challenges the efficiency and accuracy of this theory. It is unfortunate that substantial amounts of investments meant to be otherwise risk free sources of income, pension funds for example, are getting diverted into risky markets. Here the author has come out with a list of some sound proposals to protect hard earned life long savings of innocent citizens who are exposed to the irrationality of markets. The bubble in the housing market is also discussed well. Housing seems to be isolated bubbles occurring in specific regions and not a global phenomenon. But nevertheless the damage can be the same. The party of low interest rate regime seems to be over and a spike in mortgage rates is sure to be the needle that will prick right through this big speculative bubble. What goes up has to come down ! But once you start reading this book, it is difficult to put it down. Intellectually stimulating and bound to be economically rewarding. 
As an admirer of Theodore Roosevelt, I was very disappointed in Mr. Brands' book. It appeared to me that Mr. Brands' intent was to analyze the life of this great man strictly from his critic's point of view. While any good biography worth its salt should present a balanced view of the man, Mr. Brands appears to go out of his way to find fault in almost all of TR's actions. TR was by no means a perfect man, however, history has proven him to be one of our greatest presidents. One gets the sense after reading this dreadfully long and depressing account of TR that Mr. Brands'truly disliked his subject 
Ed Hayes exposes himself and one might think that the machine gun style of the book is fantasy but it doesn't do justice to the man himself. His dedication to his clients is legendary and he spends every working moment thinking and working for them. Having shared some of his adventures but as a cop,I found that he loves cops. If it wasn't for the fact that he would not have been able to support his interesting lifestyle he would have been one. His book covers his life and gives a glimpse into the man and his style. He doesn't know how to go at half speed and neither does the book. His upfront approach is evident. He just doesn't have time for B.S. It's a quick read and an enjoyable one. Make sure that you take it with you on vacation! It will make it more enjoyable 
I wanted to cry when I put this book down because I miss the Danielle Steele that wrote 'Thurston House', 'Family Circle' and others. For years now I have felt that she is simply putting out books because she is contractually obligated to by her publishers. I really feel like her heart just isn't in it anymore. She has become very idiosyncratic and predictable. Every book has her main character 'being honest.' I keep reading because I am a loyal Danielle Steele fan and I write this in hopes she'll read it and either decide she is writing because she loves it (like she once did) or decide to retire and let us love her through her earlier works. This book was just awful. 
I just finished reading the Hitorian. The first 400 pages were so compelling, that I could hardly put it down. Then..... it became soooo boring. It literally took me the same amount of time to get through the next 200 pages as the first 400. I just had to keep putting it down and shaking my head, thinking this has to get better, considering how good the first 2/3rd's were. I also have to say that I was disappointed with the ending - it was way too contrived for me... SPOILER ALERT*** - I found it EXTREMELY unbelievable that Dracula would 'assume' that Helen died in the fall and not gone after her, as the author states when Helen is recounting how she made it out alive from the fall. I mean, come on... Dracula is supposedly all knowing and has tracked this woman all over the world. Now were supposed to believe that he simply says "damn, she fell - I guess after all I've been through, I won't bother to check - I'll just find another victim" - sorry, didn't buy it and it really was a big let down after so much potential in the beginning.. Overall, the book was really great. Fascinating reading for the Dracula fan. Just wish the ending held up to the beginning. 
The reviewer below who said "More Heat Than Light" got it partly right. This book is SO badly written you have to wonder if the author's other works were written by the same person. Not only is it sophomoric, it is gibberish. Had its author been unknown, she would surely have had to pay for the book's publication. Incredibly bad, it may at least serve as a source of hope for struggling writers who believe that only the best works are accepted by publishers 
I purchased Weber's Art of the Grill at the same time as Weber's Big Book of Grilling. I feel that with this book they went for a more upscale level of grilling which is fine. I would recommend this book to anyone new to grilling or an old pro. It is well layed out and the pictures are of high quality. As in the other Weber cookbooks, the format is easy to use and well thought out. If you are looking for a more beginner Weber grilling book check out Weber's Big Book of Grilling, you can't go wrong with it. I was glad I purchased both 
I agree with the reader(s) who said this book totally contradicts itself and seems thrown-together, as if no one proofread it. In one chapter she'll recommend something; then later on she'll tell you it's ineffective and/or dangerous! She gives a long, long list of herbal supplements that are supposed to aid weight loss -- but she just repeats all the advertisers' claims without any comments, recommendations or opinions of her own. Personally I think most natural/ herbal supplements are a ripoff, but if she had given any testimonials by people who've found them to work, I might consider trying them. On the whole, this book is a waste of money 
Mr. Cahills book offers an interesting and controversial take on history. He is an excellent and compelling writer, but his differentiation between pre and post diaspora Israelites when discussing the Celts in several of his books is not always clear. It was only the post-Babylonian diaspora Southern Kingdom Israelites who came to be known as Jews, around 500 BC. It was the post-Assyrian diaspora (721 BC) of the larger ten-tribed Northern Kingdom Israelites who became what we today call the Celts. It is they who are both the Island Celts who populated Ireland, Scotland, Wales, etc., and their cousins, the Continental Celts who sacked the Roman Empire under many Celtic tribal names and who make up most of northwest Europe today. The author could perhaps clarify this part of his presentations on European history by reviewing losttribes.net or any other modern Celtic site based on contemporary archeology. 
I am by no means an economist, and much less an expert on finance, but this book strikes me as a thinly veiled, unsubtle hatchet job on the efficient markets hypothesis. I've seen much subtler discussions of the Efficient Market Hypothesis written for general audiences, enough of them so I can recognize that Lowenstein doesn't get it; he equates efficient markets with "the price that the market offers is always the intrinsic value," and not with "you can't reliably predict intrinsic value any better than market prices themselves do." This is a crucial difference, because it is only by assuming that market efficiency is the first that his attack holds water. The other thing that makes me very suspicious about this book is the way Lowenstein presents the character of the various people involved in the story, given what his sources are. Reading between the lines, I just have to wonder if his description of the personality and character of the people he describes as the core folks at LTCM is much too informed by interviews with people who've had a falling out with them 
Used this in medical school. Excellent resource. In my time google and yahoo were not around, so this was the quick source. now that [...] is around, not as necessary, but still valuable. There is a pediatric version as well. High yield 
This was the first book by Danielle Steele that I have read and it will be the last I read by her. I was truly disappointed and believe she is a highly over-rated author. The story was VERY drawn out and I caught myself dozing off a few times because the book was so boring. If you want to fall asleep quick then this is the book for yo 
I agree with some of the negative reviews that the Junie B. Jones books often use language and depict behavior that are less than desirable. My son, who is a pretty sensitive boy, didn't like Junie B. Jones because he thought she was rude. I would much prefer that my kids read books with kids who, though they may get in trouble from time to time or may make mistakes, are generally nice people. We did love the Magic Tree House series, both for the adventure and the personalities of Jack and Annie 
When I saw the cover of this book, I had a feeling I would love it. The picture of the little boy on the cover flexing his muscles is something I have seen my three sons do many, many times. When I opened it and started to read, wonderful memories flooded back of when my sons were younger. I laughed and cried almost simultaneously while reading several of the stories. If you have sons, or have friends that have sons, this book is a must. I will be buying my friends who are mothers of sons this for Christmas 
Dr. Northrup provides women with practical information about their bodies, stages of life and medical procedures. However, I was appalled by her bias against Western cultural heritage and Christianity. Her views on those topics were extremely unbalanced, with no acknowledgement of their positive contributions to culture and women. As a Catholic whose best teachers were strong-minded, compassionate religious sisters, I felt offended by her slur against nuns. I am aware that not everyone feels the same way about their religious upbringing, but I would expect an academic to strive for some balance in their research. 
I just finished listening to as much of the book on CD as I could stomach. The minutia and lack of knowledge of police terminology and tactics was nauseating. The words forhead, perp, peruse, crim, and finger were repeated over and over and over. What might have been a good story in half the words was ruined by descriptions of everyone's clothing, spouses, children, and thinking 
Sadly this second book left me unsatisfied. For one, Wouk's misgivings in the first book were well exaggerated in the second. Of course, once one has read through the first book, its hard to stop. Yet, by the end of War and Remembrance I was thoroughly sick and annoyed by Wouk's characters. It's hard to relate to super humans, who constantly do super human feats. Most of the characters in the book come from superior stock, graduate from the top universities, have extremely good looks, and seem to harbour traits that make superman look normal and mundane. I guess after spending endless hours reading the book I am somewhat frustrated. Perhaps you will be like me, and by the second book without pausing. But, for the sake of saving some time, I recommend you consider parting with the characters in book one. Don't make the mistake of buying book two just because book one was so good. 
I bought this for my classroom bookshelf. I teach 7th grade science and my kids fight with each other to read it 
This book is thrilling. You will learn of the first three minutes of our existence in this universe. Not only do you learn of what is believed to have happened during the first three minutes, but you will also learn the exciting story of how it was discovered. The book is written at a level that can be understood by the lay person. 
This is a very handy little book to have for your medical library. It is easy to follow, has a nice index to look up your particular problem and doesn't bog the reader down with a huge history and medical jargon of accupressure. It has easy to use pictures too. I have used it already to help my annoying neck and shoulder pain! Sure beats a $50.00 office visit (and most likely, a 3rd or 4th) to your doctor : 
This is the book Dan Brown's bestseller "The Da Vinci Code" is based on. Indeed, Michael Baigent et.al. have even sued Brown in court, charging him with plagiarizing their book. The ideas behind "The Da Vinci Code" have been exposed as completely bogus by many real historians. Obviously, this exposure affects "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" as well. This book is methodologically flawed. It claims that Jesus survived the crucifixion and sired children with Mary Magdalene. But if this happened, there should be ancient documents telling us about it. There are essentialy only three ancient views of Jesus: the Christian, the Judeo-Christian and the Gnostic. None of them includes the notion that Jesus married and had children with Mary Magdalene. It simply isn't serious to reject the ancient documents in favor of modern texts of questionable value, as Michael Baigent does. Of course, a conspiracy theorist might claim that the ancient documentation is lacking due to a massive cover-up. But such an argument, compelling as it may sound, is worthless to the historian, who must work with the real evidence, meager as it may be. A claim that can neither be proven or disproven is of little help. Besides, how many sects or cults have managed to keep their esoteric secrets? Very few indeed. There is always a defector or infiltrator somewhere. The idea that the biggest secret of all times was revealed by a confused French right-wing extremist only 40 years ago is very hard to take seriously. Indeed, the fact that not even heretical groups like the Gnostiscs claimed that Jesus had sired children, is good evidence against the claim. The Gnostics, after all, made all kinds of peculiar statements. But not this one. Why? Why are books like "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" and "The Da Vinci Code" so popular? Perhaps they say what many people want to hear. That in itself is somewhat damning, I think. For how many people want to hear the truth? 
This is the first novel by Philip Roth that I actually like. Portnoy's Complaint was a good hundred-page novella, spread out over a three-hundred page book; the other pages were filled with the dross of his political opinions, and his kvetching about his parents. Operation Shylock was also too pre-occupied with pushing a political agenda (but just what agenda, we are never sure). This is Roth's primary fault as an author - he is too didactic. I find that I really don't care much about what Roth's political opinions are. Ironically, this is probably one of the attributes that make him a critical darling - it shows that he thinks "deep thoughts." The Professor of Desire is blessedly free of politics. In it, Roth sticks with the subjects he knows best: sex and relationships. Young David Kepesh is a sexually frustrated young student. That changes while studying abroad in Swinging London, where he finds that what they say about Swedish girls is true. Things take a turn for the worse after the end of his disastrous marriage finds him crushed by loneliness in New York. With the help of a psychiatrist, Kepesh tries to discover if he will ever be able to commit to anyone or experience happiness. The Professor of Desire finds Roth at a more mature place in his career. Gone is the odious kvetching about his parents that polluted so much of Portnoy's Complaint; the parents in this book are treated with sympathy. At one point, a character points out to Kepesh that there is no point in mining the workings of a Jewish family for his fiction anymore. He is also less homophobic in this novel - but not much so. There are still things about Roth's style that take getting used to; I don't think there's anything profound in his refusal to offset dialogue into separate paragraphs - it just makes it harder to keep track of who is speaking. However, The Professor of Desire is a short, lyrical novel that is the best of anything I've read of his so far. 
Angels was the smallest college in Cambridge. It was built at the beginning of the 15th century. Fairly had a fellowship. St. Angelicus students had to find their own lodgings. Fred Fairly had taken the science tripos and received a first class degree. He came from a rectory and so his material wants were limited. He was used to making do. At the end of his first year as a junior fellow he wanted to tell his father he was no longer a Christian. Fred knew the country was not a place of peace. The Rectory had been built in 1830. Daisy Saunders wanted to know how the human body worked and applied for nursing training. She was seventeen and her mother had died recently and she was free to live away from home. Daisy, now known as Saunders, was a probationer during her first year. She was told to keep her eye on James Elder, an attempted suicide via the Thames. It was January 1912. To all the patients, except for the dying, food was of paramount importance. Elder refused to eat. The constable had said he was a gentleman. He asked Daisy if the incident had appeared in the press. For arranging for a notice about Elder's conduct in the newpaper, Daisy was dismissed. Fred Fairly and Daisy were in an accident with bicycles. A Good Samaritan thought they were married to each other and put them to bed together in the spare room to regain their health. Fred was enchanted and afterwards he looked everywhere to locate Daisy. The kindness of the Wrayburns, the Samaritans, gave Daisy a place to stay in Cambridge. She would do work in the house in exchange for room and board. She had traveled to Cambridge to find work in a private hospital. Happily Daisy was employed at the mental hospital and Fred found her again at the Wrayburns'. They went for a walk in the country. Fred asked Daisy to marry him. Mr. Wrayburn told Daisy that Fred could not be a junior fellow if he married. In the trial, pertaining to the accident, the journalist, who had accompanied Daisy to Cambridge, was able to identify the man who drove the horse cart wildly causing the accident. When the heart is broken, efficiency is impaired. There was some suggestion in the testimony of the journalist that Daisy had been or would have been used, but for the happening of the accident. Daisy had to leave the Wrayburns and Cambridge because of what was disclosed in court. Leaving her lodgings, she was free at last to cry over the hurt she had caused Fred. Daisy and Fred passed each other on her way to the train station. We do not know what action, if any, resulted. Both of the young characters are portrayed as having beautiful consciences. The writing is elegant. 
I usually read Stephen King for his interesting ideas and imagery and expect his books to read fast and well. I've read three previous King books that have had the occasional long passages with overstated depictions of horror, doom, and grotesquery in order to immerse his readers into the tone of his story. This one takes the cake because what is meant to read as terror and horror is really ridiculous and unimaginative. And this is exactly what "Insomnia" is. This isn't a spoiler, just the author's note: at the end of the book we read Sep. 10, 1990- Nov 10, 1993- three years in which King took to write this book. Three years which were evidently wasted. The other King books I've read were engrossing for their characterizations and character identification. "Insomnia's" Ralph Roberts is certainly a character the reader could identify with. He is strong, kind, has traditional gentlemanly views on aiding women in distress and regards them as beautiful and respectable. His counterpart Lois Chasse doesn't come across as identifiable. Instead she serves as a secondary character who has no real flair or identity other than being in love with Ralph. King doesn't usually do that with his secondary characters. Other characters with much smaller roles in this book come across as real and identifiable, like Ed and Helen Deepenau, the three bald doctors, and Ralph's numerous confidantes. Then there's the whole abortion mess. This central political issue crumbles midway thru and seems to serve no purpose at all in the story. Though King does provide an interesting and seemingly objective commentary on the issue via Detective Leydecker (albeit with a tranparently pro-choice slant), it serves no relevance to the theme of the story but just hangs there on display used for no more than a story device. I gave the book two stars because I am an inspiring writer and reading this provided me with some of the devices that are important to utilize as part of a writer's arsenal. The devices were obvious and all thru the reading I asked myself, 'How is King going to get through this?' His weapon of choice was most often Ralph Robert's narration (via third person) that analyzed the events of the story and interpreted its meaning and significance. It seemed whenever King was in trouble in the story, he would use Ralph as his solution and let him think it out and guide it for him. This is a useful tool for a beginning writer, but King used it as a crutch to tell a story that had no pulse from the beginning. One last thing, the villians just don't work. They are not frightening, they are not demonic, they are not vicious or malign. Three little bald doctors with scalpels and scissors? Their defining characteristics are being small and bald- does that really frighten anyone? The real villian among them dances around and jump ropes to reveal his evil madness. Then there's the Crimson King, the evil supernatural mastermind we read about from page 100 who finally enters the story on page 550 as a Catfish in one of the most terrible, anti-climactic scenes ever rendered. I rest my case. 
When I first started reviewing children's books on Amazon.com I gave myself a long list of rules to follow. And one of those rules stated that I was not to read other reviews of a book on the site until AFTER I'd written my own review. I wanted my little writings to remain unsullied and pure, filled only with my own thoughts (which I obviously mistook to be brilliant) and feelings. After a while though I gave up on this rule. By and large (and this is not speaking for all reviews... just 90% of them) a review for a children's book goes something along the lines of "It was good, my four-year-old requests it every night, buy this book, etc.". Nothing too shocking or revealing. So I grew lazy. I started reading other reviews of picture books long before I sat down to actually write a review of my own. Just moments ago I went to do the same thing for the beautiful picture book, "Martin's Big Words". This book was on my list of must-reads because it had garnered itself a Caldecott Honor years before. So I went to the appropriate Amazon.com page (much as you are now) and read the first review on the list. At the time, it was an unassuming July 18, 2002 review entitled, "There's Something Wrong Here...". I read the review. I digested the review. And I came to the inescapable opinion that the points raised in the review were good ones. Ones that I should consider, dare I say, in my OWN review. This is unprecedented. Never has a review for a book, a children's book, really hit home for me like this one did. So to that mysterious reader who thought to make a point back in 2002, I commend you. And to myself, a mental whipping for breaking my own rules. It's a hard act to follow, but I've a point or two of my own to make and I'm gonna make `em. Now as a children's librarian I get a whole heaping helpful of small children coming in around January 17th (or just before) requesting books on Martin Luther King Jr. For the older children, such requests are usually easy enough to fulfill. But for little ones with short attention spans and even shorter vocabularies, the choices are limited. Fortunately, there's, "Martin's Big Words". A beautiful encapsulation of the life of the great man, the book shows Martin as a child, first encountering the insanity of segregation. We see him grow up and preach a gospel of love and acceptance. Following this are small looks at the 1955 Montgomery bus boycott, civil rights marches, and his 1964 Nobel Peace Prize. Finally, while marching with striking garbage collectors (a fact not often mentioned in children's biographies of King), he was shot and killed. Says the book at the end, "His big words are alive for us today". The book is stunning to look at, you know. The endpapers consist of pane after pane of brown, peach, amber, and umber stained glass. Taken together, the stained glass appears to be a variety of different skin tones all working together to make something beautiful. Using collage, illustrator Bryan Collier peppers his unique style with symbolic images (such as four lit candles placed in remembrance of the girls killed in the Sixteenth Street Baptist church). In the rest of the book, Collier's images leap off the page. They're bright, colorful and eclectic. Combined with author Doreen Rappaport's elegant eloquent narrative, children get a full understanding of the courage and greatness behind Dr. King's life and actions. So what about the complaints of this book? Let's examine them fully. First of all, one criticism is that in the image of the civil rights march there are thirteen men on display, none of whom are either white or female. This is true. And it is a little odd. Not don't-buy-this-book odd. Just why-did-the-illustrator-make-that-choice odd. From looking at the picture I can only assume that Collier was working off a snapshot of a portion of a march from the past and didn't notice that it was a bit skewed. The other criticism of the book is that whites are only portrayed as evil rednecks that want to kill Dr. King. I dunno. The book says plenty of things about diversity and the coming together of the races. As for the lack of positive white images, I admit they're not present in this particular book. However, the world is filled to overflowing with books that DO present positive images of white people. As a white person myself, I'm sick to death of 'em. And I'd gladly exchange four or five hundred such books for a single one that was half as beautifully illustrated and written as "Martin's Big Words". So yeah, the book has a flaw here or there. But it also fills a need. However important you deem it that your children see positive images of whites during the Freedom Marches is your prerogative. But don't pass "Martin's Big Words" by because it fails to fully display the diversity of the 60s in your eyes. It's a great book with a great message. It's also one of the few King bios that'll capture your seven-year-old's attention for longer than a minute. A great addition to any library and a necessary purchase for anyone who wants to teach their small child about a magnificent man. 
It certainly sounded exciting. Unfortunately, it's mostly a bunch of long winded articles on vague ideas that you've already thought of a hundred times. That's not to say that the ideas aren't important. I was simply expecting something a bit more focused by an author willing to take some risks. On the bright side, the book won't become dated for quite some time. 
Sometime ago I read my Sunday paper and noted that "Three Junes" was listed as a popular book choice. The title sounded interesting so I bought it. That was 2 months ago and I am still trying to get through the paperback edition. It is difficult to follow the timeline, to understand the characters and where they fit, and to get involved in the storyline. I will finish the book because that's my style. It has not been a book that I could not wait to get back to. 
This collection of stories and essays by David Sedaris definitely contains a lot of variety. Overall, I found the way the stories were dripping with sarcasm delightful. Some stories were a bit dry, but others such as "SantaLand Diaries" and "Diary of a Smoker" had me laughing out load. However, the best stories I found were the ones such "Season's Greetings to our Friends and Family!!!" which I had to think about before fully understanding and laughing at their humor. I would definitely like to read more of Sedaris' works, especially those based on his real-life experiences as, overall, I found the collection of essays in this book more entertaining than the stories 
How this book flew under the nation's radar---I'll ever know. Furthermore it's discouraging as hell because it only goes to prove that great work so often goes unrecognized. This book plays out like a Spielberg movie from page one. Very Spielbergian because of it's perfect blend of adventure, romance and humor. The characters are dynamic and interesting as hell. The storyline is straight out of an Indiana Jones serial, and it keeps building until you're reading as fast as you possibly can just to see what happens. The art work is astounding. These are the coolest-looking heroes, sexiest women, and the most powerful looking baddies I've ever seen penciled in my life. It's just a shame that this book isn't getting the buzz that crap like "Ultimate Spider-Man" is getting---because in all reality this is the best graphic novel on the shelves right now---and could easily be the film adaptation that could return Steven Spielberg to greatness. For once in a very long time...I'm truly blown away. 
I admire an author who deviates from a standard formula and the interweaving of two cases really works in "Piece of My Heart." DI Stanley Chadwick faces a murder case in 1969 against the backdrop of a rock 'n roll concert. His teenage daughter has facts to hide and DI Chadwick walks a fine line. DCI Alan Banks is seeking a murderer in 2005 which eventually connects with the 1969 murder. The plot has already been outlined, so I'll just say it's a delight to visit DCI Banks again. I'm never disappointed 
I read Any way the wind blows Not a day goes by before I read Abide with me. If you happen to come into the series of E. Lynn's books and want more of the scoop on Basil's problems with his past, Raymond's lifestyle, the true 'not-so-divafied' evil side of Yancey and they're mutual friends...then you should start with this one! It'll help you put 'two two together' on the lives and backgrounds of all of the characters 
Paul Auster's City of Glass is perhaps the worst read I've experienced. The story moves at a pace that would make a snail envious; the murder mystery plot is as thin as air and hardly resolves itself; we spend way too many waking hours with the main character sulking around his apartment staring into a toilet bowl in which he has just defficated--I kid you not. The best part of this novel is the end. I read with fervor to get to the end in hopes that the author would have the talent to tie everything together and make this experience somewhat valid; however, I was utterly and discustingly dissapointed beyond my wildest dreams. To all the reviewers and critics who claim this book is a metaphysical, existential tour de-force, I beg wholeheartedly with my very life to differ. I believe the author had no such thoughts in mind, had no direction when writing this disgrace of a work and it saddens me to see such an unentertaining, dry-dry-dry piece of fiction with one or two not-so-clever plot devices, gather such literary praise. Like a Rorschach image you can see life, love, death, a myriad of wonderful symbols, and if you would like to believe that the person who put that ink blot on the page intended you to see all of that depth, intepret and dwell in that depth--coming to conclusions and reflecting ultimately on your own life, well, then, good for you. But in reality, the person that made that Rorschach for you is Auster, and he just ambigoulsy splatted some ink on the novel pages before you with no ryhme or reason and you All bought it...hook line and sinker. This novel is an exercise in an authors ability to take us nowhere, show us little on the way and still receive praise, despite an ending which is refelctive of the entire work, in that it plain and simply: sucks 
I picked this book up at my public library because I had put it on my reading list a while back when I saw that the President(!) of the United States George Bush read it while he was on vacation too. I went to my local cofee place and got a MEDIUM regular cofee flavored cofee but in a LARGE cup (so theres room for plenty of milk which I like and also you only get charged for a medium even though its in a large). Anyway I am reading this book and it seems okay but then this guy with a laptop bumps into my chair where I have rested my cofee which is not at all my fault because thats why the chair has a little ledge there. So then this guy says he is sorry but that doesnt exactly unspil my cofee if you catch my meaning. And he offers to pay for a new cofee but it doesnt really matter its the principle of the thing. Anyway then he leaves and I notice my copy of the book has cofee spilled on it not just my pants as I thought previously. So I'm not about to read a book with cofee stains all over it so I take it back to the library. Now here I have to point out that I had a little incident a couple weeks back with the librarian and long story short they lost a book about a fireman that I returned and made me pay for it but not without a fight. Well you better believe that same librarian who yelled at me is watching me now whenever I go in there and she sees that cofee stain right off when I turn the book in. I explain that its still perfectly good and you can still read it and it wasnt even my fault and maybe they should get the $8.50 from the cofee house they made the cofee not me. But you can guess how this ended up. I am down another $8 dollars and change (I paid the .50 cents in pennies I got from the place I keep pennies in the car which got me a cross look since I counted them out one by one but it was worth it). And I never finished the book since it was ruined. But! I liked the parts I read "okay" and if the President likes it I guess it gets FOUR STARS only I made it TWO STARS because I only read half. Maybe I will read the second half later if that librarian retires and then I will come back and give this book it's missing TWO STARS if it ends well. Lesson learned is life is not always fair but you "keep on keepin on" like they say 
I found the book informative while reading it, but also a bit confusing and a little dry, best used for a college course and not for recreational reading. (Which is no doubt why we even had it in our house, someone had to use it and it's equally boring companion for some college course, I'm certain of it... 
I enjoyed Andy Kessler's book about finance (Wall St Meat) but this one is just silly. It seems to show the wisdom of the old writer's saw about sticking with something you know about. This book is like sitting in a bar listening to a drunken bore try to impress you with all the little bits and pieces he heard at a hospital that day. I couldn't wait to get to the end so I could throw it out 
This is a must read book. Not just once, but many times. Each time you read it you understand and see a different view of the book. One needs to read this book from the Heart as the meaning of Kokoro means from the Heart. The story of a married man, yet lonely. Why he feels guilty about the death of his best friend. A scholar with no ambition, rich enough to enjoy a few simple things in life. How he talks about the ending of his own life. He is sure his wife will be taken care of after his death. The student is confused. I am confused. Read the book more than once. Each time you read, put yourself in each characters "shoe". Written with passion, Kokoro, from the Heart. Is this book fiction or non-fiction, you decide 
Sometimes advice coming from a parent is even better when it's reinforced by an outside source. This book does just that. It's practical and yet compassionate toward the sometimes awkward feelings young girls deal with. 
Exposure to Harv Eker's Millionaire Mind Intensive set me on a path of working towards financial freedom over two years ago. I also attended the Guerilla Business School, a $2500 intensive. What is important to realize is that actually being in a room in the workshops and doing it several days in a row will actually (as it did with me) shift your perspective, if you are at all open to having it shifted. Getting into a better mindset with regards to prosperity is fundamentally an issue of breaking down old programs and replacing them with new ones. This book may help you, but the seminar will help you more. The Millionaire Mind intensive taught me things and set in motion a change in perpective for me. I am now financially free and well on my way to be wealthy as an internet marketer promoting a website called ZeroDollarMarketer dot com. Being rich is a matter of perspective. True wealth is measured for me by the health of my body and mind, my relationships, and lastly my pocketbook. But its sure good to have plenty left over at the end of the month. A journey worth pursuing 
Whether you are new to dating, widowed or divorced and starting to date again, or in your 50th year of marriage - you will be able to gleam something from this book that will impact your life in a positive way. Ideally - you could read this book before you embark upon the "dating chapter" of your life. But, even if you're not new to dating, this book can make an amazing and positive impact in many ways - it can increase your chances of finding the right person, reduce your chances of being hurt by or hurting someone (emotionally) during the dating process, and help you avoid scaring away someone with whom, otherwise, you could end up having a wonderful relationship. I especially recommend this to women who are in a relationship (or, who are thinking that they "thought they were") with a man who seems to have changed all of a sudden. If you are questioning things like, where did he go? why didn't he call? why does he seem so distant now? what did I do wrong? - you are possibly at a point in the relationship where your choice of actions can make or break a relationship that might just be on the edge of going somewhere. And, likewise, I recommend this to men who feel that they've come to a point in their relationship where they all of a sudden "aren't sure" anymore, are feeling anxious or maybe even "trapped", and at the same time there is a strong need to just get away and think and/or if the woman you are dating seems to have become more insecure, worries more, questions you more, starts pressuring you more about commitment, etc. All of these situations, emotions, etc. are explained in this book. You're not the only one - it's a normal part of dating - but, unfortunately, most of us won't possibly be able to understand this without someone else pointing it out to us - like Gray has done in this book. Even if you are married - this book opens your eyes to many things and can really improve your level of understanding with your wife/husband. If you are the perfect mate in a perfect relationship - you may not realize some of the problems other people experience and therefore, could probably benefit from this book by being able to better identify with friends, family, children when they come to you for advice 
This book was suggested reading as if THE GREAT SECRET to PERSONAL FREEDOM was going to be revealed. It spoke of a self-centered mindset that seemed to suggest that I was to live my life how I wanted and not consider how my actions would affect others around me. A very simplistic and selfish point of view 
Yet another offering from the Kinkade art product assembly line. Pass on this -- Read real books and buy real art instead 
There's plenty of money to be made in the coffee business and if your dream is to get out there and run a coffee bar, you're in luck: Complete Idiot's Guide To Starting Running A Coffee Bar provides all the basics on how to do so. From what it's really like to run a coffee bar to legal issues, sales, shop equipment choices, kitchen layout and more, much of the book is very specific to the coffee industry and provides a wealth of specific business advice. 
Wow..I LOVE this book! The recipes are creative and the presentations beautiful. I love the simplicity of each recipe, which give the warmth and richness of traditional old fashioned taste with a twist of the class sophistication of today's refined culinary experience! Sara's food philosophy and the atmosphere she has created in her market has been my dream. I'm living it through her cookbook right now 
While I very much enjoyed Miss Wearstler's first book, I found Domicilium Decoratus to be borderline obnoxious. Rather than show great decorating, the book focused mainly on close up shots of objects in her house that took up the whole page.In addition, I feel that as the viewer of the book I do not need to see fifteen entire pages of Miss Wearstler dressed in ball gowns pretending to be domestic 
The 2005 Nobel Prize for Economics was awarded to Robert Aumann and Thomas C. Schelling. Schelling is professor of Economics at the University of Maryland and applied game theory to conflict. His focus was on the weapons issues but his ideas have been applied to a host of business issues. In this review, we will apply some of Shelling's concepts to how companies fire employees. Schelling says "uncertain retaliation is more efficient than certain retaliation" when bargaining and "the capability to retaliate is more useful than the ability to defend." Now let's get practical. GOODBYE SCENARIO As a verb, "goodbye" is the act of parting. It is also an acknowledgement of parting. A goodbye scenario assumes that once employees physically leave the building, they will never be a factor for the company's future. The relationship was transactional and the transaction is now over. If the firm defines the termination as a goodbye scenario, the firm should be guided by a business model that says, "What's the least expensive way of terminating this relationship?" And Board members should ask tough questions about paying too much. AUWIEDERSEHEN SCENARIO "Auwiedersehen" is German for "Until we meet again." It has a more open-ended quality than the English "goodbye." In an auwiedersehen scenario, the assumption is that once employees physically leave the building, they may continue to be a factor in the firm's future. But it is unclear what that factor may be. After their non-compete contracts are over, they may join a smaller competitor and become potential allies or opponents in your firm's efforts to develop strategic alliances or acquire the firm. They may join firms that touch your industry and become potential referral sources of new business for you or a potential source of caution to others about using your company. They may attend alumni programs at their schools and encourage/discourage graduates from joining your firm. Each of these scenarios assumes capability of retaliation plus uncertainty of retaliation. The best practical defense in terminating employees under these conditions is "Treat people with dignity on the way out because the assured costs of such positive treatment are less than the potential downside retaliatory risks. AUWIEDERSEHEN VS IT'S NICE TO BE NICE We work with companies that treat departing leaders with dignity on the grounds that "it is good public relations and good for morale if we help former employees achieve a `soft landing.'" This positive rationale works only in cultures supportive of such a rationale. The Schelling rationale does not depend on an organizion having a specific culture for treating people with dignity. It develops a contingency approach to management based on a risk assessment. There may be times when a "goodbye" scenario does indeed make good sense. There are other times when "auwiedersehen" makes better economic sense. In applying Professor Schelling's theories, management's failure to take defensive measures with those possessing abilities and options to retaliate is is just bad economics. One sees it at work every day. (...) 
i'll be the first to admit that i'm biased based on my expectations from shaara's father's great book, the killer angels. it is not fair to compare the two, but because reading the father's book lead me to buy this one, i thought i should mention it. this book does not contain nearly the details and intimancies of the father's book. it is not surprising since this one covers a much longer time frame than the battle of gettysburg, so shaara has less pages to devote to each person and battle. but the result is a less satisfying book. it skims rather than digs deep 
If you really want to know what to expect when you're expecting, read this book and Henci Goer's Thinking Woman's Guide to a Better Birth. If you'd really like to remove yourself from the technobirth machine, read Ina May Gaskin's Ina May's Guide to Childbirth and Spiritual Midwifery. If you've always thought you might want a natural birth, read Peggy O'Mara's Having a Baby, Naturally. And remember this one thing: If you really (really) want a natural, unmedicated birth, don't give birth in a hospital 
If you have been freezer cooking for awhile or are completely new to it you will enjoy this book because it has a different spin on freezer cooking than the classics. I started with Once-a-Month-cooking and at the time it seemed revolutionary, but, though I loved it was a hard days work. Then came Jill Bond and she was really talking bulk cooking! When Deborah's first book came out I was excited because it fit in with my low-on-cash, short-on-time lifestyle. This book is terrific because it provides a healthy alternative that is still pretty inexpensive. The meals are more than casserole and there are lots of options that are more appealing for the warmer weather when you don't want to heat up the kitchen. My favorites are the Cheese and Chicken Shells (not for everyone however) Chicken Enchiladas (taste great made with homemade whole-wheat tortilla, if you do that), Crab rice Chowder (gourmet), Bean Casserole and everyone LOVES Spaghetti Pie. There are lots of good recipes in this book. The drawbacks of this book is that after a few initial sessions I felt that I was more likely to choose some favorites than to use her already laid out sessions...that is okay, but, not as easy as using the shopping lists and plans. Worth trying if you are serious about Freezer Cooking, but I would start with Frozen Assest first 
It was a gift for my nephew and it delivered. He just couldn't put it down before he recognized all the characters 
