I've read the other reviews of this product and feel a need to defend this gadget. I've owned mine for about three years and I love it. I use it nightly. The application I find this perfect for is Audio Books stored on MP3. This of one of the only small, portable MP3 players that has it's own speakers. I go to bed listening to audio books and I don't want to wear a pair of earphones or lug a set of extra powered speakers around. However just slightly larger than a CD Walkman when folded closed it is small enough to work great on an airline trip, where headphones are preferable to the endless roar of the planes engines. The big gripes I've seen repeated in the other reviews are: 1) Poor radio reception. 2) No Bass from the mini speakers. 3) Short Battery life. 1) I never use this to listen to the radio, so I won't comment on it good or bad. But there are thousands of good and cheep radio's on the market so if you need a radio, go buy a radio. 2) I'll agree with the poor bass reproduction in the speakers. Small cone's yield small bass. It's a physics thing. However when I travel and use this to play music in a hotel room, it's been good enough to satisfy the want of a little background music. 3) Battery Life. I'm surprised by the times listed by other reviewers. I get about 30-35 hours of use when I'm on the road using the AA's. When at home or in a hotel, the AC adapter removes the concern about battery life completely. Perhaps this is because I primarily play MP3 disks which it spins up to read into it's buffer then spins down until it needs more data. Anyway I wanted to toss in my two cents, as this is a great gadget for audio book listeners, and I would hate to see someone miss out on it because some reviewers expected the performance of a boom box or home stereo out of a Walkman sized device.. It's my hope that we'll see more devices like this on the market and the price point to come down a bit. But bottom line, I've got my monies worth, and if anyone doesn't want theirs, I'd be glad to take it off their hands. 
I ordered the apple ipod shuffle sport case because I wanted something to protect my ipod from the elements and just general bumping and scraping. It works great, and you can use your ipod without taking it out of the case. I haven't taken my ipod out of the case except to charge it, or to change my playlist. It's a "must have item" for anyone with an ipod shuffle 
It states in the Technical Details that you can get 450 pictures from this cartridge. This is not true. After much discussion with HP, they finally admitted that it's only rated for 150 4 x 6 pictures. My experience is that you actually get a little under 100 pictures from it. If you're buying this cartridge, you've probably already bought the printer, but you should know before you buy the printer that you're going to go through a lot of expensive ink 
I often have problems with memorex brand but have never had a problem with Verbati 
I had such high hopes for these headphones. I wanted to hook them over my ears and go running whenever I pleased. But it was not to be. The day after I received my headphones, my grandmother passed away. I packed my bags, put my idpod and headphones in my carry-on, and headed to the airport. Once settled in my seat, I tried to put on my headphones, but they kept falling off my ears. I tried to adjust them, bending the earclips all sorts of ways, but it was extremely difficult to do so, and my adjustments wouldn't hold. If I couldn't get these headphones to stay on when I was stationary, running was out of the question. Maybe others have had better luck. Maybe my ears are just too small for them. But I am not impressed with these headphones 
A year later and I wish I had the money for an ipod. I have been having the audiojack issue for a long time and don't even take my player with me anywhere anymore. What's the point of having an mp3 player you can't walk around with? Ridiculous 
I bought a 32 inch 5 years ago. in 2003 when movie I was trying to move it across the room and it flipped face first in the floor. Mind you I had paid like $200 for Sear's sorry 3-5 year? warranty and it turned out they wouldn't have replaced it or probably fixed it even though my sister worked there. I heard a sickening crash (like the picture tube/glass breaking). It still works and only has a dent it the top left. I think I got the remote a little wet years ago and it never worked again. Not a big deal since I have a directv remote,but I forgot I even had PIP because of no remote. From now on if I can afford it I will buy sony only. I bought an xplode cd player 2 years ago with no problems except a dead remote that I never use 
This printer binds up on two pieces of paper! If there is the least resistance during a jam, the flimsy plastic gears become stripped and the printer is trash. This is what happened to me after less than two months of light use...and I stayed within the manufacturer's guidelines. However, there is NO WARRANTEE on this printer, so BUYER BEWARE 
I have been using my Sandisk player with no problems downloading songs or pictures. I have also made some observations that makes this player function more efficently. -use MTP music files because they use less file space. -adjust the file size on pictures to use less memory. -use the Speck toughskin case to protect display window (extra). -use the AC Sandisk USB charger instead of the computer USB port(extra). I do not use the raio or the video settings because of no interest, and the large amount of memory the video consummes. This player does fine using the earphones or hooked up to a audio center. I think that the 2MG card will be on my list of upgrades. The only upgrade I am made was to buy a better set of earphones. I did not like the pair supplied with the unit. My earphones have a volume control on the output cord which makes it much easier to control. I am not sorry about buying this item from Amazon. 
Product nicely made , looks like quality product and performs fine 
I would highly recommend this phone set. Easy to program and crystal clear reception. A definite 5 star 
I purchased this item for a long trip so I could charge and/or play my Zen mp3 player in the car without worrying about battery life on the trip. It worked great. I am also planning to use it for my notebook in the car the same way because the car adapter for my notebook costs $100 
This thing looks great - but it still has tracking problems as these cheap units tend to. Do yourself a favor and buy the cyber home - it's the only cheaper unit that seems to have some quality to it 
I agree, this is a flimsy piece of plastic that will not hold the GPS unit over a few little bumps. I expected more from Garmin. Consider this: Touratech Mount for Garmin 60C series. Its a solid unit. It costs a little more but you won't be replacing your GPS unit due to it falling to the ground. 
This printer was purchased for my wife's birthday and arrived in two to three days. Considering money spent the printer works quite well. Pictures come out very good overall. An HP 95 or HP 97 cartridge is used for color photos. It contains three color inks but no black. Still, photos will easily satisfy the average owner. An HP 100 cartridge can be used for black and white photos. Yes, the color cartridge must be exchanged for the black one when converting from color to black and white and vise versa. Even so, we find the printer fun and very simple to use. Just keep in mind that the price of ink will soon exceed the price of the printer if used often. What we do is use it for special occasions or when the grandchildren come over. Gary 
For a long time I was looking for a phone to use with skype. For the price and convenience, Actiontec Internet phone wizard was the best I found and ordered it from Amazon ($42.99 with free shipping). After receiving the modem I have been using it for almost a month now and I am extremely happy. I have connected my codeless phone to it and everything seems to be working fine 
I am a audiophile and am very picky when it comes to buying my toys. I bought these by accident when i was acually trying to buy the hd650's it was too late to cancell my order and since it was half the price i decided to try them out. I first hooked them up to my denon amp and listened to some cds and they sounded awesome. i could hear things in songs i have never heard before. I then hooked them up to my cheapy portable philips cd player just to see what it would sound like. to my surprise it sounded just as good as hooking them up to my denon amp. There was plenty of bass and highs and mids came out very good. the only draw back is that it is open and it bugs people that are sitting close to you. I am glad i got these instead of the 650's cause my friend owned the 650's and if you don't have a amp hooked up to it your out of luck 
What can you say? I placed my order with Amazon.com. A few days later the product arrived at my door. Perfect 
A very good in supply is obtained at all times without leakage of ink or smudging of the paper or clogging of the printer. The reason it is not rated 5 stars is that the ink supply is utilized too rapidly and the expensive cartriges have to replaced too frequently 
This adapter is functional, is easy to use, enables continued use of backlight, and saves the batteries for walking with the eMap after arriving in a strange town. When I want to connect other media while driving with my family, I use a 12v 3-Outlet Car Power Adapter. Despite another wire, it's a worthwhile accessory 
i knew the cash back offer sounded too good to be true...and sure enough they rejected my upcs (i kept copies) only have hounding them and contacting the better business bureau did they say 'whoops a mistake' i have a fleeting suspicion this was intentional 
I read all of the reviews here and thought these would be the best option for easy transport AND low ambient sound i-pod headpohones without breaking the bank (I'm on a plane frequently). I wanted something that I wouldn't cry over breaking or losing during my many travels. I found that the uneven cord lengths are very irritating- especially if you like to use only one plug (like maybe at your desk at work). The weight of the shorter cord pulls on the longer cord and it is quite uncomfortable- even when sitting still. So then I thought these will be great workout headphones (won't be upset if I break or lose them), HOWEVER, the cords produce noise in the ear pieces everytime they rub on your clothing or your hand. The effect is very loud and disruptive to your music listening experience (even when you are sitting stationary at your desk). It is similar to wearing a stethescope, which defeats the point of wearing in-the-ear headphones (which are supposed to reduce the ambient noise). I do not recommend these headphones, because of this stethescope effect- I could get over the uneven cord lengths for certain uses (they are after all designed to wear behind the head). I'm on the hunt for better quality headphones 
I'm not much of a techie. But, I do have lots of documents and pictures that I can't bear to lose should my computer decide to konk out one day. I used to back up my most important files on CD: an overly complex and tedious process involving multiple CDs and lots of time. But, with this 2GB flash drive backing up my important documents is just a matter of plugging the device in and selecting which files and folders to synchronize. The files are copied over to the device quickly, and easily. The 2 Gig storage capacity allows me to backup all of my most important photos and documents on one handy removeable drive. ScanDisk even includes a "Synch" software that simplifies the process of identifying and copying your important data. (The software also helps you copy over your Outlook messages, folders, appointments, tasks, and other data that used to be difficult for me to find on my hard drive.) Also, I can imagine that the use of the Synch software with this little drive would made it very easy to keep the data on your work machine syched up with the data on your home machine. Physically, the unit is small, sleek with a case that feels substantial. The retractable connector functions smoothly and allows the case to protect the connector when not in use. This thing is great. I only wish I'd started using it sooner. 
Sorry, the speakers don't attach well, and the quality of these stands is not what I'm used to with a Bose system 
This memory card handles the job really well. Unless maybe you're a professional sports photographer, it's plenty fast enough. No problems using it with my Canon Rebel XT. It holds about 550 pictures (JPEGs) at the highest resolution (8.2 MP) 
We purchased the YSP-1 in August as a companion to our Hitachi Ultravision wall-mounted television. What a fabulous piece of audio equipment! When we began searching for a replacement for our Infiniti surround system, my husband and I had different concerns. He is an audiophile that demands wide range digital sound with full depth of field and I was ready for aestethic simplicity (no speakers throughout the room and wires everywhere). When we found the YSP-1 we thought it was too good to be true. One speaker instead of five? Wall-mounted? Doesn't take up any floor space? We visited two Yamaha dealers to see it for ourselves. One had the YSP-1 set up in a room environment. The other, on the salesroom floor. In both set-ups it performed consistantly. In both demonstrations however, my husband felt the low-end sound could use enhancement. So, we made the purchase and opted to use the YSP-1 with our existing subwoofer. Installation was fairly simple, provided you have the necessary tools. The most important, and time-consuming part was leveling and centering the speaker under the television. Now that it is installed and in use in our home, I feel the low-end sound is quite adequate and prefer not to use the sub-woofer. My husband though, prefers the earth-shaking action sequences in movies to mimic their intended theatre quality sound. More than movies the sound quality you get when listening to CDs is absolutely stunning. Overall, we both got what we wanted. Expert sound designation and sleek, minimalistic styling (with the added bonus of more floor and wall space). 
I agree with the person who says there are no instructions and poor image quality. I wonder if they gave us a mini jack like games systems use if it would work better on TVs that have the 3 jacks on the front. Games systems get good image quality so why is this so bad... No info on this from Monster. Looks like a very good product but I will return it unfortunately. I did discover though that I can use a stereo jack with R-L on one end and a mini jack on the ibook end to give me audio speakers on any TV or Stereo for my iTunes, and audio for a DVD that I am playing but I don't need to spend this much money to get that. If the image were good I would keep it. I would rather show my slide shows from the computer. The image was very bad.. 
I bought vonage service thinking that finally there is a company which will let me control everything from their web portal, and provide features that traditional phone companies do not. Good thing I kept my number with traditional phone company and got a second line with Vonage. Its voice quality was really bad, and cancelling it was a pain to say the least. It took me 4 months to cancell it. Waiting forever on hold. Please read internet forums/blogs before you decide to "save" money 
I purchased this for my wife who wanted a case for her HP Pavilion Notebook PC (DV5139US), screen size 15.4", ht 1.8", wdth 14.1", depth 10.4 ". The bag is for personal use, not business, and use will be moderate. She did want some extra compartments for organization. This case has met all her needs, it is light weight, constructed of durable material, well organized. Her notebook fits in this top loading case with ease. She is satisfied with this purchase. We would recommend purchasing this case. 
i bought one version from best buy, then i bought another with different buttons, then i bought this platinum one because its so cool looking, just make sure you save the code 
I've been using this router for a few days. I just had to set it up - I haven't had any cause to touch it since, it's very reliable. Highly recommended 
For over eight years (nearly 9), I had an Acer 17" CRT loved it. I use a KVM to switch computers, the CRT kept all of my adjustments for that computer, every time. When it started showing signs of age (about four months ago), I decided to try a flat screen, or LCD, though I've heard horror stories about them, my laptop is great. I don't mind the dark overlay associated w/LCDs, I have that on my laptop. I was amazed at how poorly this monitor responds to things. I still swap computers. I can't get the same clarity that I once did. I swap between ME XP, which shouldn't matter. Don't believe there isn't any flicker, that's wrong. If you change the refresh rate, the monitor changes, not the computer. What happened to dumb monitors (what happened to dumb printers)? Best, should be a button (turn on) away. Some tweaking isn't bad. Fade out: I have the monitor, at the "proper" height, the upper lower corners fade. As looking at any lcd from an angle. You can't tilt this monitor very much at all Don't spend much time on shut down or re-start in ME, the lines jaggies will kill you. I'm sorry that I bought this monitor. The refesh rate for games, is fair. Don't play any games prior to ME! Because ME era games fade badly at the ends, nearly blacking out. Post XP isn't anything to write home about really. I would suggest trying out an hdtv first. With a direct (vga) plug in. It's a few dollars more, but if you're considering an hdtv, as well as a monitor, I'd chance it. You can always buy a 20" CRT for less. I hope this helps 
I'm a cartoonist. I need to be able to print color images for clients. I bought this printer two years ago from Staples, for $2500! Worked great for a couple months, after which the toner cartridges started leaking and the print quality rapidly dimished. DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER! I'm reluctant to buy anything else from HP, knowing that how it performs on the sales floor can be markedly different from how it will perform after a couple months of light use 
I purchased the 1gb Lexar card, and 5 hours after I started using it, I've got corrupted data that no amount of formating or data deletion will remedy. Given that I had already disceted the box into small pieces to send in for mail in rebates, I contacted Lexar and sent it to them on a Warrenty claim [cheaper then driving back to the retail location I purchased it at anyway]. I got it back yesterday, and it was suffering the same problem I sent it in for in the first place! Their solution, they pay for the return shipping of card #2, and swap it out for two 512mb cards. Not happy. But at least they are somewhat responsive to fixing the problem 
I bought a brand new unit directly from Garmin. It worked for about a week, then it would no longer charge. I returned it and got a REFURBISHED UNIT in exchange. The refurbished unit did better.. it lasted 3 weeks before failing. To use it, I must use the charger plug constantly, as the unit will not charge. Sending it back now to try a third unit 
After having an experience with slow startup speeds (and actually freezing a computer) with the 1GB Cruzer Micro with U3, I feel compelled to write this negative review. The mere existence of a software layer to access the flash drive defeats the main purpose of existence of flash drives: a fast and higlhly compatible interface. Any hidrance to this convenience makes the device a liability. I work at an educational institution wher I am responsibel for organizing presentation sessions in which speakers often bring their presentations in a flash drive. As a matter of policy, we will not allow speakers to plug in to our computers devices that run any kind of software in the background 
The ink toner I received was exactly as described and was delivered in a timely fashion. 
This mousepad may seem as a great product but at times the rest becomes a little bit tiresome, and I think it get's in the way of my hand and the mouse. It did take me a great deal of time to get used to this pad but anyone else who use's it has found it in the way and annoying. I have to agree with this, b/c it truly does get into the way of my hand and its a little bit confusing. Also it is much bigger than most mousepad's it takes up a great deal of space 
These speakers do sound great but just like many others who have reviewed these speakers, they eventually just stop working. It sounds like I was one of the lucky ones as mine lasted two years. But I really didn't use them all that much and I don't blast the volumes. When you spend this kind of many on a product it should at least last 5 years or so. I've never had any other speaker brand just stop working on me before. Worse of all is to hear that Klipsch is charging a lot of money to repair their faulty products and that people had problems with them even after they were "repaired". Well, I'm not wasting time and money on repairing them. I'm just switching to Logitech. No more Klipsch ever again for me. 
I bought Magellan RoadMate 700 Vehicle GPS 2 months back and its not working as expected. its very poor in locating the the place and sometimes don't even work. Many times this sytem got hung and power off and on again is the solution to get it work again. Might this product is very good in market, but I got the bad piece 
I'm using Monster optical cable as well, but with different reasons behind. Anybody with a basic knowledge of physics or optics should know that under normal condition light is not susceptible to interference from magnetic field or EMF 
this webcam is not compatible with acer ferrari, with windows xp. I don't know why. I just returned it 
Everyone knows TERK MAKES JUNK, and this multiswitch is no exception. I needed a multiswitch quick, went to Best Buy and paid, get this, $154.00 for this Terk ms!! Yeah, I know, but I needed it asap. ONE WEEK after installation, one of the satellite inputs crapped out, dead. And I do have surge protection on the lines. Also, the unit runs very hot. I've had three other Terk products do the same thing. Avoid Terk at all costs and go with Monster or even Radio Shack in a pinch. Will never buy a Terk product again. Ever 
These ear buds are great for people with small ears. I've tried several and these are by far the best. It comes with 3 sizes of buds and the smallest work best for me 
(Note to Brian: The WAP54G *can* be configured as a bridge. I have two of them in just such a configuration. Took me about 10 minutes to set them up.) Major modes of operation are: 1. Wireless Access Point (its default set-up) 2. Wireless Client (connect a wired ethernet device via cable to the WAP54G and you now have a wireless ethernet device) 3. Wireless Repeater (extend range of wireless coverage) 4. Wireless Bridge (connect two ethernet networks without running a cable between them -- acts as one end of a "virtual" cable; you need two to get the job done) A pair of wireless bridges is just what I needed but hesitated to buy the WAP54G because of Brian's comment that this wouldn't work. Because of my newness to the wireless world it took a bit of investigation to come to the conclusion that Brian was wrong. I bought a pair and they do work. I rate it 4 instead of 5 stars for a few reasons. 1. I understand that higher-end, more expensive, equipment can be had with more range than this box. Gotta leave some room to rate more powerful equipment! 2. One must dig very deeply into the users guide (a PDF on the CD) to find the default IP address in order to configure this device. Luckily I had read elsewhere what that IP address is (192.168.1.245). Other manufacturers make this info readily available, even going so far as printing it on the device itself. This will be critical info to any Linux user. Also, the users guide says that the default userid for logging in is "admin". Well, it's not. The only allowed userid is an empty field. This had me going for a few minutes. 3. Something that 99% of the world won't care about -- I like to have more access to the firmware. For example other Linksys products allow one to telnet to the box and do low-level analysis of the box and the network it's attached to. I think there are third-party firmware loads that enable this 
It's been through the wringer, and has had no problems after about a year. I came here looking for a replacement cap, but can't find one on Amazon 
I recommend this product! is an excellent purchase option. Excellent product quality in performance and looks. No product out there in the market looks as good as this one 
this is a nifty very small musical device that I use when exercising. its great - holds all the songs I can listen to and is so portable. I really like i 
First, I should say that I'm surprised at how sharp and clear the image is. The display card at CompUSA said this monitor has a 1000:1 contrast ratio, and I'm not sure what that means, but it definately seems to translate to a crystal clear picture. The contrast ratio is higher than most other flat-panels I looked at, which have a contrast ratio of around 500:1 to 700:1 (including Samsung's own 20.1" non-widescreen model). Everything is crystal-clear, which makes it easy on the eyes and good for watching movies. It is also good for gaming - Half-life 2 and Unreal Tournament 2004, for example, both look great. Its wide-screen resolution of 1680x1050 is more than decent for most tasks. It also has a feature that lets you change the aspect ratio to 4:3 (which makes a square picture centered on the screen), so if you have any games or other applications that don't support widescreen modes, you can use 4:3 mode so that the picture doesn't look stretched and distorted. Plus, the monitor has DVI, analog VGA, S-Video, and RCA inputs (which would allow you to plug in a DVD player if you want). The monitor can also rotate 90 degrees, and it has built-in speakers and a headphone jack. Being a flat-panel display, it is also lightweight and compact, which is ideal for areas where space is limited. This is my first flat-panel display, and I was surprised at how lightweight it really is. All of these features, especially the sharp image, make this a great monitor, and it is worth the money 
Outstanding item. Plenty of room to carry dvds. Enough padding to protect the player, but not too bulky 
I am glad I bought this backpack. It exceeded all my expectations. I strongly recommend this one 
I mistakenly believed the hype that this thing would PROTECT my computer from BEING KILLED, but instead, this thing has KILLED my computer FOR THE SECOND TIME IN 4 DAYS, EMITTING AN UN-STOPPABLE(i.e., CAN'T TURN THE FEATURE OFF) SHRIEK ALARM. How do smart, talented people idiotically convince themselves that a home product should have an ear-piercing shriek-alarm that can't be defeated / silenced? In addition to doing far, far more damage than it can ever prevent, ask yourself -- do you want this un-stoppable ear-piercing shriek alarm going off in your house at 2a.m.? I BOUGHT ONE APC PRODUCT, AND SO FAR, THEY'RE 100% DEFECTIVE AND 100% DELITERIOUS TO THE USE OF MY COMPUTER IT'S A MATTER OF TIME BEFORE IT'S DELITERIOUS TO MY SLEEP. 
I have a 5gb but a lot of the H10's are having the same problem. I can play all of the songs that I owned myself but everything through the subscription service has run out and can't be reinstalled. I've done a little research about the disappearing MP3 player and it appears to be a problem that is affecting a lot of the H10's and 1 other model I can't remember right now and iRiver can't figure it out; although I've been told they are trying desperately to find the bug....So buy with caution.... 
I really wanted to like this mouse but so far it has given me nothing but grief. If you plan on leaving your computer on for extended periods of time and then coming back to it to do some work you may find that your scroll wheel no longer scrolls pages. I have had to on several occasions unplug and replug in my mouse in order to get the scroll wheel working again. This is absolutely UNEXCEPTIBLE Logitech! What happened to Logitech? You used to be able to count on them for quality products now I am wondering if I should switch back to Micro$oft products. I may give the Micro$oft Laser Mouse 6000 a try and take the MX 400 back 
I like the HP 96 because it can be used in many HP printers that use the HP 98, but its a better deal than the HP 98 because it contains almost twice as much ink. HP's ink cartridges provide excellent performance, but I think they are over priced 
I logged 870 miles with the iway 350. 270 miles around maryland it was / is a great item. I took it on our first trip to New York and Long Island and it was terrible. The first problem occurred on the New Jersey turnpike. I was supposed to use the turnpike from start to exit 18 and at exit 4 we stopped to eat. The unit said I was off course because the rest area was 100 feet from the highway. However when we returned to the highway the unit could not chart the course any more. It said I was doing 95 miles a hour when i was doing 70, and it would lose satellites and go searching for them in the middle of the highway no obstructions of any kind anywhere. I even pulled over at exit 6 and we waited for 20 minutes to see if we just needed to stop the car for it to do the job. It did not recalculate our course until after exit 18 some 100 + miles from when it acted up. We even tried a full restart and cancel route and retried again from the address book and from direct typing the information again. About 1 mile from our destination it worked for 2 blocks and was lost again. Then after 2 more blocks we found where we where going. We often get lost on this trip this is why we purchased the unit. Then on the trip from the Bronx to Long Island a 30 mile trip it stopped 5 blocks into the journey and was recalculating. I had to call the people we where visiting and they directed us by phone. However about 1 mile from their place it started working again. We used it on long island with no trouble at all. Then on trip back to the Bronx it worked pretty good only losing its position once on a major highway no trees or obstructions. Then on our way back from the Bronx to long Island it was lost half the way finding position and calculating . The same exact way we went in both directions but it was clearly not right leaving the Bronx. On our way back to Maryland it operated pretty good after a short stretch of lost signals and redirecting and we used exactly the same roads in both directions. I did update the software to the new 1.2.0 days before we took the trip. Also charting the 212 mile course to the Bronx NY took close to 20 minutes, then the extra destination to Long Island a 30 mile addition took the Iway 350 30 or so more minutes. I figured with all that time the trip home calculations would be faster but I fell asleep after waiting over a hour for it to complete the task. I feel this is one issue the unit has. Longer trips take so long to calculate so when it thinks your off track it takes forever to chart a new course. On short runs under 20 miles it was very fast. I returned the unit and got a Garmin C530. The C530 is a very nice unit fast in every respect. 
This was part of my Stereo update. I selected this receiver for quality, value and ease of operation. I matched it up with the Sony CDPCX355 300 CD player and a fresh pair of those Bose 301-V speakers. Years ago I used to be an audiophile and I now think I'm going to enjoy getting back into my hobby 
This extension cord did what it was supposed to do and did it just fine. No problems whatsoever 
I attempted to use this product in my 2002 Chevy Tahoe factory audio system. As others here noted, the deck would quickly error and eject the Monster Adapter. The Monster Adapter did work in my 2000 Harley Davidson FLTRI factory audio system. The difference is that the Harley unit does not have "cut-tape" detection. The Tahoe does. I returned this Monster unit and picked up the Sony Sony CPA-9C. The Sony device is a bit different as it has small link of simulated audio tape within the tape path. This little bit of simulated audio tape effectively fools the tape unit not to think that there is an error and eject the Cassette Adapter. There are other reasons that these adapters will auto-eject (Google is your friend). But the Sony unit seemed to be the solution for me. The big reason for the zero star review is that Monster has ZERO information on their web site or product packaging regarding device compatibility or troubleshooting. 
This Amazon listing also suggests buying the Soundsticks along with Airport Express. If you're thinking of connecting them to the USB port of Express, Apple says it won't work. (Apple Airport Express FAQs 
I SO wanted to love this thing. I have an iPod that I am seldom without, and my car isn't iPod compatible. I bought a Monster Wireless FM Transmitter/Charger so I could listen to my music on the way to my class reunion. Unfortunately, the thing just didn't work for me. There are 8 preset stations (low on the dial) and if all of them are in use, you're out of luck. I don't live in a huge city (maybe 60,000 with farmland all around), but only two of these stations were available. Although I was able to tune in to my iPod, it wasn't crystal clear. In fact, it wasn't even plastic clear. The static sometimes overrode the music, which drove me nuts. This is like a fax machine - the original may be spotless, but the fax will be a little fuzzy. If you have a cassette player in your car, there are adapters that go through the cassette player and are much better. If your car isn't iPod compatible and you don't have a cassette player, you're better off just burning a bunch of CD's 
Bought this for my son who is in Iraq. He doesn't leave his tent w/o it!! Stands up fine to the dust and heat with no problem. Has more room than he expected. The price was LESS than the smaller one he wanted from a competitor to Amazon.com. SO glad I found this one on Amazon instead 
I used a 25 pack of these doing DVD backups, and the last 5 or so failed. I thought it was my software, so I got new software. Guess what? My first disc out of the new package of 25 that I bought failed, too. It's not my burner (as another reviewer suggested, implying that people should learn to read), as it's brand new and doesn't require the firmware upgrade they mention. They just suck and have a high failure rate. So the consensus seems to be that TDK or Sony are best. I'm buying some now and save myself the frustration 
My player had the same headphones jack problem that so many people here have had, which ended up rendering it useless (out of warranty). However, while it worked, I was quite pleased with the player and the included software. Everything was intutive and ran smoothly (except for an occational freeze with the player which never became frequent enough to be a major burden). I also liked the fact that this player wasn't bound by iTunes or file format restrictions. My only other complaint was that occasionally the touchpad made moving small increments like up one track or down one track somewhat difficult (just give me buttons, I know they aren't sexy but they're easy and work well). I am giving the product 2 stars because, while I liked it, Creative has known about the headphones flaw for a long time and has not improved the build (being that this is STILL a problem with these players). For the amount of money that a player like this costs, it should work for at least year 
The only thing you will need when you buy this package is some extra paper! I love the fact that Epson advertises realistic figures for this package. Some other printer makers do not do this! 
This is a pretty decent cheapo case. If you want something that you'll use every day in the car or at your DJ gigs, then you may want to get something a little sturdier. For my [archival] purposes, however, it works just fine 
Microsoft has never failed to disappoint me, (I suppose there is something to be said for consistency) and this carries on that somewhat dubious tradition. I bought this with a the MN-700 wireless router, and both worked fine for a couple weeks. However, they both conspiratively proceeded to stop functioning. This card was the most maddening of the pair, because it would find the wireless network every once in a while, yet refuse to connect. I've tried every channel, and made sure its on infrastructure mode, but it still refuses to work. I suppose I deserve it, though, expecting that a microsoft wireless card would connect to a microsoft wireless router with a microsoft operating system. Do yourself a favor and buy your wireless networking from a decent company that has some expertise in networking, like Linksys or Belkin. Whatever you do, give as little money as possible to this shoddy company 
I purchased this wireless card based on the price, figuring that even if it didn't live up to the good reviews here, I would only be out ~$20. The set up was easy and smooth, but the card won't stay connected to my wireless network. I've got a Belkin wireless router. The Trendnet signal meter generally shows ~95% signal strength, but the connection only lasts for a few minutes, and I have to keep cycling the connection to regain network access--very annoying. I know there's nothing wrong with the network because my laptop's connection is stable. I purchased a D-Link card, and it has worked flawlessly. Unfortunately, I threw away the packaging when the Trendnet card arrived; if I hadn't, then this card would be on its way back to Amazon now. Like the title of my review says: you get what you pay for . . . 
I chose these by reading other reviews on Amazon. I am pleased with them and recommend them. Good sound, light weight. The best feature is that they do NOT leak sound yet you can still hear loud noises around you. This is perfect for an ipod-using NYC subway rider. Don't want to annoy others by leaking sound, but you have to be able to hear if there is exterior noise, at least enough to know to turn down the sound and find out what's going on. Only con - Once you lose or wear out the removable spongy pieces I'm not sure where you can get replacements 
The SanDisk Cruzer TI is the most durable thumb drive on the market. I had a 512MB Cruzer TI before this one. I dropped it stepped on it and was just not too careful with it. Through all that it never failed me. I needed an upgrade and picked this one, because the 4GB was not available. It move data fast and the new U3 stuff is very interesting. I am not all that used to the U3 stuff yet, but I am sure I will start to use it to its fullest soon. Co-workers of mine buy the less expensive USB drives and break them. The SanDisk Cruzer TI is the absolute best 
I adore my nano, but this armband is one of the worst products I have ever bought. I work out quite a bit with the nano and the band comes off multiple times during my workout. The spacing of the velcro dots means I never get exactly the right fit and the band gets ripped off anytime I do weight lifting close to my body. It is also as other reviewers mentioned hugely overpriced for what it is. I am ordering a band from a different company and this will go straight to the garbage. 
very good, worth the money. If you want a louder one, go for Z 535 
I purchased my iTrip about 4 months ago and now can give an objective review of the product. The iTrip is a good choice over competitors' products and offers a good value for the money. Radio reception is good; I especially like the changing channels feature. The fact that it charges the iPod while in use even makes it better. The only negative thing that I've discovered is that sometimes it disconnects from the iPod slot and I have to push it back. That's mostly due to rattles and I imagine will get worse with time. Overall, good product, good value for the money, and if carefully handled, will last a long time. 
Worked perfectly. Battery does not run low after a few hours off the base 
I bought this reader for my laptop since it didn't have USB 2.0. But to tell you the truth, I think this device is a little slower than USB 1.0! I am going to buy the Lexar 32Bit card and see if that improves the download speed, because this reader is so slow. It took me about 45min to download 2GB of photos from my Extreme III card. That is unacceptable 
This first time I use the HD product in my home video system and have the expected results. After I installed it and it immediately scan all the signal channels in my local area and have good quality. So far I place the antenna in door just in the first floor. I don't have too many channels in my living area in OH 
Great product. It's two in one. You have it in your camera and take photos, next you can plug it into the USB port and download data. It's worth the money 
These earphones are great quality. The sound is good and they fit comfortably in the ear once you get used to them. Two minuses make them only 4 out of 5 stars: first, the customer support is weak. There is supposed to be a website for the product for customer support and replacement parts, but Altec Lansing his it linked to a seemingly unrelated product; second, the volume control is a little heavy unless you have somewhere to clip it to (this might be a problem for runners) 
My wife and I used the FR300 during the week-long Queens blackout this past summer and this little radio delivered. One 2 minute winding lasted for an hour on medium volume. The cell phone charger is cool, but it takes a lot of winding. The light is good in a pinch, but not particularly useful 
When these headphones are working, they are great. I never have trouble receiving sound. They are amazingly comfortable. Great battery life, and batteries are rechargeable. Long distance is great too, I can walk throughout the whole house on multiple floors without any trouble. But... it's FAR to often that these are NOT working. As a matter of fact I've gone through FOUR pair in the last 2 years. The first pair didn't work out of the box. The second pair lasted two weeks and then the headset just would not turn on. The third pair lasted about eight months before the same thing happened, they just would not turn on. The forth pair lasted about a year and then yesterday the very same thing happened. 
If you went to circuit city, you would see this is $30 there. Here its only 8.99! With fast shipping I only paid about $16 total, half the price of circuit city. Those type of stores (best buy, circuit city, compusa) are a total ripoff when it comes to these cables. Buy from Amazon.com (eektech will ship) and you save lots of $$. Thanks eek for great service 
I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the camera in all kinds of weather. I would buy Kingston again 
Kingston's 2GB Data Traveler USB drive is perfect to storage files. I have looked for a 2 GB USB and found this one to be the cheapest based on its characteristices. I think it is a bargain price 
A $150 calculator that I am going to trash. I had the same problem with the keyboard (terrible response); I struggled with it for about a year and then called HP. My warranty was out, so Hp suggested I install an update, which I did. Now the keys are firing off 3 or 4 digits with one press of the button. This is ridiculous. 
The HP12C has been an essential in my personal productivity tool kit for over 20 years. I bought my first one when I was a consultant and it lasted until August 2006. It withstood all the travel and constant use well. I use it for simple and complex math; statistical analysis and financial analysis. It is much faster and simpler to operate than a PC. My new one has all the same great features. I highly recommend this for someone who is frequently required to perform mathematical and financial analysis. 
This charger is designed for every iPod EXCEPT the Shuffle. The Shuffle connects via USB, this charger uses FireWire. Every iPod charges while connected to a computer via FireWire or USB 2.0, but this charger allows you to charge your iPod in a wall outlet. In addition to the charger you will need a connector cable. You can use the one that came with your iPod or buy a second one. Hook 'em up, plug it in the wall and get on with more important things while your iPod charges. For international travelers, the plug pops off and you can purchase the correct plug for the country you will be visiting. Great feature! I have an iPod Dock connected to my stereo and use an extra connection cable along with this plug to ensure that my iPod doesn't run of of juice durring parites and long playing sessions. I highly recommend the Power Adapter to iPod users who want the flexability to use their iPod on the road or in conjunction with a stereo 
These disks would not work with my Sony brand DVD writer. I have tried several other brands and so far everything works but Memorex. 
I am the type of person that ALWAYS buys the extra warranty on whatever I purchase. However, I started reading the reviews on this company and many people reported that it was four weeks and counting and they still hadn't received their refund check. I was astonished. I contacted N.E.W. myself and asked them about this. With no shame or embarrassment on the part of the customer service reps, I was informed that if I did everything by email, it would take AT LEAST 15 business days (that's three weeks!) to receive my refund check AFTER I sent them the warrantied item. If I had them send me a pre-paid label for the defective item instead of using my own printer, it would take a week for me to receive and at least a week for them to receive the covered item. In other words, it would take no less than four weeks to receive the replacement check and possibly up to eight weeks! I cancelled the contract immediately. It is just not worth it when you really do the math to purchase this contract. I would recommend buying a product from a company that first makes a quality product and then back it up with a good warranty and gives good customer service such as Grado, Sennheiser or Koss. But stay away from these people; that's my feeling and my advice. 
I recently began upgrading my home audio by buying at Ebay 2 pairs of JBL E20s and 1 Pair E30s, an E25 center speaker and a Harmon Kardon AVR. I got the first pair of e20s a week ago and the 2nd pair of E20s and the E30 yesterday and the remaining stuff should be delivered by the weekend. The E20s and E30s are listed as "Bookshelf Speakers." The E20s ARE bookshelf speakers. As I wrote in my review of the E20s, the E30s can only be thought of as bookshelf speakers if you last name is Kong and your first name is King! The E20s are heavy at 7lbs each, not flimsy little boxes as some cheapo bookshelves are. The E30s are HEAVY. HEAVY! 16 lbs each. (That is what my 7 qt lodge cast iron dutch oven weighs!) They are 15 inches high and 12 inches deep. They need to be placed on small end tables or speaker stands 18 to 24 inches off the floor. I am very pleased with both the E20s and E30s. For small speakers, the E20s have some oomph and can be cranked up. The E30s have OOOMMPHHHH. They WANT to be cranked up. Yesterday I tried them out by listening to my mp3 files of the Animals Singles and Paul Revere and the Raiders Kicks. When cranked up, the E30s sound at least 1000% better than the the E20s. I hooked them up to my vintage JVC AV receiver circa 1989 that has 80 watts front and 20 watts rear power. At a little over half volume my ears began to hurt. You can really feel the bass and the drums kick. I also listened to about 2 hours of The Doors via Rhapsody with the audio out from my computer to the audio in on my receiver. I have been listening to this music since it was first played on the airwaves back in the 60s. The E30s are simply incredible! They brought some very familiar tunes to life and made them new and fresh. My biggest surprise with the E30s is that they sound very good at lower volumes, not as good as the E20s, but still very good. As I write, I am watching/listening to a DVD of Vivaldi's 4 Seasons concertos performed by Herbert Von Karajan, the BPO and Anne-Sophie Mutter on fiddle and am running the E30s and E20s at about 15% volume--pretty low since the 4 speakers are sharing the front 80 watts of my receiver. Yet I can still HEAR everything at low volumes including the resonating violins and the harpsacord. Since we normally do not rock the house down all the time and we do often listen at lower levels, I am very pleased at how good they sound without having to blow out my eardrums. I bought the E30s for under $90 including s/h. Back in the early 80s or late 70s I spent more than four times this amount (adjusted for inflation) for 2 large, heavy Advent Loudspeakers with 8" woofers. The E30s clearly sound better than I ever remember the Advents sounding including better bass response, and I liked the Advents! Over time, our audio choices have gotten better and cheaper. You still can spend mega bucks and buy a $10,000 McIntosh system (or even drop that much on a turntable magnetic cartridge as I saw at one website!) It all depends on what your budget is. The JBLs are a great value offering tremendous perfomance for those who are budget minded 
For the price is is great. it's working fine but the plastic is not solid and has a feeling of low quality. 
The microtrack will not hold a charge by itself or even operate very long when hooked up to an external usb battery pack. It just drains away under charge. The concept for this a pretty good , but the implementation woefully lacking almost to the point where I may not reliably recommend to others. 
I tried to use it in my Dell X50 and it hardly worked, was too slow, too short range, you have to unplug and plug it bacl again and again. I other words, do not buy this if you have a Dell X50, you will just waste your money and time trying to make it work 
Purchased this for my laptop (it was supposed to match the Rangemax modem). The adapter was not being recognized by my machine, and I contacted customer service. The customer service rep was obviously from India (suprize!). Unfortunately my inquiry was not resolved and I returned the product back. Probably would explore other brands next time around. 
worked very well as planed just heavy to carr 
We purchased this printer to replace old Brother HL-1440 for our small business printing needs. At first everything was great. After 4 months of use, still on first toner cartridge, the manual feed can no longer grab labels or envelopes. There is now a huge gap and the envelopes can slide all the way inside with no resistance. Huge problem for us and I hope we can return this piece of junk 
the toshiba vcr combo arrived, and was quite light in weight. it hooked up ok, but the orange (nice color) display, constantly stayed on zeros, and the vcr played tapes so bad, there was always a white static streak across the screen bottom. i sent it back after trying a few tapes (all tested poor.) better to get a good vcr for good vhs picture display quality 
A nice device, but Microsoft didn't include software that encrypts the fingerprint image. Although very difficult to do someone *could* steal your fingerprint. To be safe I would not use this fingerprint reader for password protected websites that contain sensitive information or for network admin or computer BIOS privledges 
The device is well built but has one major flaw. The adhesive comes in 2 types, "removable" and "permanent" types. Neither adhesive would stick to the dash of my Jeep Liberty. I'm not sure what I'm going to do with it now, it appears as though I'm going to either have to find a more permanent mounting solution or find another type of adhesive 
I previously had a 2.1 sound system for my computer, that were pretty good a few years ago when I bought them. When I decided to replace them with these I was rather happy with my choice. The sound is extremely clear and crisp, whether it be music or games, and I am very pleased with them. The only downside to them is how many extra cords there are behind my desk, but you have to expect that with a 5.1 sound system 
Works precisely as advertised. None of the complaints in previous reviews hold for my experience. Specifically, battery backup works and sound quality of messages is excellent. Only negative: too many words spoken by the machine and they sometimes seem to overlap 
I bought this adapter along with the Linksys WRT54GL Broadband Router. I managed to set them up and install them properly. (The best advice I got from the "Home Networking for Dummies" book was to get a 100 foot Cat5e patch cable so that I could put my router in the place I where I wanted it, and hook it up with a wired connection first. I actually only needed a 50 foot cable, and got it for $20 from a local electronics supply store.) So I got everything up and running (remember to install your router first, and then your network adapter), surfed the internet for awhile, and then shut down my computer. Here's where the trouble started.... As other reviewers have noted, the Linksys installation makes changes to your Windows XP configuration, de-activating the Welcome screen and the feature Microsoft calls "Fast User Switching." This happens with no warning. When I went to turn on my computer again, I got a new start-up screen for Windows, demanding a password. I freaked out, because I don't remember ever setting a password for Windows. I called Linksys, and was extremely unimpressed with their customer support. The young woman seemed to be amused by my problem, and was actually laughing at me. She began to start me through the process of completely re-setting the router to the factory settings (this would NOT have helped). What finally helped was figuring out (with no help from Linksys) that if you never set a password for your Windows XP logon, all you have to do is hit "Enter" at the password prompt. That's all there is. Linksys could have told me this, or better yet, warned before installation that these changes to Windows XP would take place and suggest setting up a User Password in advance. Another gripe about this network adapter and the Linksys router--neither came with instruction manuals. There is a 60-page instruction manual on the CD rom that comes with the product, but you'll have to print it out yourself (Do it before you install or try installing the product). In the case of the router, I also had to do deep searching to actually find the instruction manual on the CD-ROM--it wanted to start up the Setup Wizard automatically and the instruction manual was not easy to access from the CD-ROM. I guess this may be the norm now with computer hardware, but it still stinks. I do not recommend the Linksys WUSB54GC, primarily because of the unannounced changes it makes to the Windows XP system, and because of Linksys' non-existent or non-functional and rude customer support 
I purchased this armband to hold my Nano during workouts. The band barely fits my arm and tends to slide down the arm while running or cross training. Looking for a replacement right now 
Just plugged it in and I'm ready to ship it back. Creates an annoying, high pitched buzz 
When I put this device in my mp3 player, I espect listen the music but I need a room completly silent and obviusly that no was my intention. 
I like the features. I'm satisfied with the sound. The user interface could be more intuitive. HOWEVER, my overriding complaint is that the docking port (as many other reviewers have mentioned) is not reliable. The connection is poorly constructed, so just walking by the table on which it sits is often enough to make it think the iPod isn't there any more. If they could fix this quality problem, it would be well worth the $100, but since it is very hard to get it to recognize the connection reliably you just can't justify it at any price 
If you've got a Treo 650, You Don't Need A GPS Device. Simple as that. The smaller-than-a-small-filet-mignon gps device talks via bluetooth to your 650, which attaches to your windshield via a well-engineered holster. The charger charges 'em both, or not, as you see fit. The instructions are clear and to the point. The installation instructions are slightly out of date - you don't need a card reader to make it happen, after all - and the user experience is, in my case, outstanding. If you've got a 650 and you ever drive somewhere unfamiliar, BUY IT 
I think everyone knows that these drives have become invaluable. Mine has become a necessitiy between my computers at work and at home and any where I can get an open computer. I have W2K at home with USB 1 and XP Pro at work with USB 2. Never had any type of compatibility issue. This 128 MB size is the minimum most can get by with in my opinion. I plan on upgrading to at least the 256 soon. The amazing this is that I have just removed my USB drive from a clean pair of pants that went through the wash and dry cycle. And this was the second time. I can't believe it still works. Maybe I'll have to start using that ridiculus cord and wear it around my neck. Through away your zip and floppy disks and get one of these things. Just make sure you back it up often 
Broken after 3 uses. Extremely flimsy. Spend a few more buck and buy something more substantial. 
It would be really great if Amazon and other resellers did a better job outlining which accessories were compatible with which products. This is stated as a CF Type I card yet this does not work with a Nikon Coolpix 4300--another, more expensive Kingston card, must be used 
This box is perfect to have all the basic ipod accesories at once. I have the 60 mb video ipod and all the accesories works perfect 
This is a very good skin for 60 GB 80 GB owners. It completely covers the entire iPod without sacrificing functionality. What separates this skin from other skins it the Visor (a plastic shield which protects the screen). My only problem with this skin is the belt clip. It is impossible to remove and difficult to use. A better belt clip would make this the perfect skin. This is a very good price from TechGNet. 
This phone was an additional phone for the Model IP811-2 phone system used for Vonage. This system has every feature that I could want, including range and quality, there are no negatives. I am highly recommending this phone and system 
I bought it for my c340 but it does not work with it. Maybe it was my fault for not reading the description in depth. I really thought it did say it is good for street pilots, though. There might not be anything wrong with the item but it needs a better technical description 
I found the armband to be uncomfortable and inconvenient. I think the upper arm is just a bad place to carry an iPod. The added weight is distracting when I'm running. Even worse is any activity that requires me to flex my biceps at all, so lifting weights is out. Put it on too tight, and I constrict the muscle. Loosen it a little, and the band slips off. There is no happy medium. Also, the earphone cord gets in the way more when it's leading from my arm. The belt clip that came with my iPod mini works much better for me. I clip it on the waistband of my sweatpants when I'm working out and it remains very secure, even when I'm running on the treadmill. And the cord stays close to my body, where it is far less likely to get caught on something. The only advantage of this product is that it lets you advertise to the world that you own an iPod mini. Big deal. My armband is destined to be forgotten in the back of a drawer at home 
Great quality. I had a problem initially with XP Media Center compatibilty, but it works now after downloading an update from Logitech's website. Recently, the sound is cutting out when communicating with my girlfriend across the country. I think it might just be her interet connection though (we both have the same web cam). As long as we restart the video call, then the sound comes back. I am using Windows Live Messenger as the video call program. I have never used the cartoons that it comes with. The video quality is very good when recording a video for email 
Three months later, I'm still amazed at how cheap this amazing piece of hardware was. Granted, it doesn't vibrate, nor have a zillion buttons, but it definitely performs admirably. It is comfortable and the buttons respond well. The unit feels well-built, and connects to the computer easily via USB. And as a bonus, it looks pretty too. : 
i don't like how easy it get scratch, and if u get the black one even worst, i went shopping for cases but they get scratch inside the cases too, just by been in the case, i return the case, then i when for those clear stickers and i recomend to put those on on a really clean table and very dry and clean hands may be use glove cause a little touch and there goes your finger print in the sticker, and with a black ipod you can't miss it. and if u don't take your time u will have a lot of air bubbles showing in your ipod, so after a week looks like something that i have for a year, it sucks. 
Camera will not stay up on wireless network with Dlink router! Firmware has some serious issues. Dlink support was worthless. I returned the camera and bought a Panasonic and never looked back 
I have had this TV for less than 90 days and bulb has burned out, I called Samsung support and the bulb is covered by warranty. They said they would send my phone number to service center and they would contact me in no more than 72 hours. 72 hours later still no call, I again called Samsung and they said they would contact the service center again and I would be called in 24 hours, still no call. This was repeated 5 times and each time I asked to be referred to another center but was told none existed in my area. Fianlly after 6 calls, Samsung referred me to another center. I then called them and they sent up an appointment 3 days later. Day of appointment technician called and told me from the problem I described when I made the appointment I needed a new bulb (duh) and he had ordered one this morning and would call to make another appointment once they received the bulb. I specifically asked if they had the bulb in stock when I made the appointment. Why they didn't order the bulb when they first set up the appointment, I don't know. I called Samsung again and was told bulbs are usually shipped within a week of the order. Neither the words usually or week improved my impression of their support. My fear is that when the technician comes out to change the bulb he will find another part he has to order and I am back on the Samsung support merry-go-round again. Now I realize that even though the set does (did) have a good picture etc, if you can't see it, it doesn't matter. I now have a very expensive paperweight. For me Samsung support has been a black hole and I have yet to see any results after two weeks and no hope in sight for the near future. What happens after the warranty is over and I have to pay for a new bulb every three months? If this sounds like I am not very happy with the situation that is the truth. I am tired of Samsung and the service centers being sorry for the problems and delays but then telling me there is nothing they can do at this point. I agree, you solve the problem by doing the right thing the first time or the second time or third time etc I am hoping maybe the eighth time is the charm with my Samsung experience. 
Its made of flimsy plastic, and all the parts snap on. I'm afraid to put a heavy book on there, because I'm sure the parts will just snap off 
Bought this a few months ago for my 3yr old son. He loves it. We have used it in the car as well as when he goes to meetings with me. Never had a single problem with it 
Basically a nice phone, BUT: A: I've had three of these phones, and sooner or later the little repositionable hang-up tab snaps off, rendering it useless as a wall-mount, and B:I can hear well with the speaker phone, but have to shout to be heard. 
I was excited about consolidating 3 remote controls I regularly use plus my fan and light controls. However, the Harmony 890 has proved to be a big disappointment. I was much better off with the 3 remotes I was using before. It was much simpler than fooling with the Harmony remote which requires so many key presses for basic functions. I never have been able to get the Harmony to control the fan and lights. Some reviewers have said that you just need to take time to do the programming properly. Even if you do, in my case it's just easier to juggle my 3 remotes and press ONE button to do what it would take with SEVERAL key presses on the Harmony. My Harmony is now going to sit with the other remotes I never use and I'll just stick to the 3 that work for me 
I got Avaya RoadWarrior up and running on my computer to use when I work remotely. My co-worker told me to get a GN Netcom headset but I figured I'd save some money and get this one. Big mistake. There is a major problem with some laptops when the power cord is plugged in, the listener on the other end has what sounds like you in a an airplane during flight. The humming goes away when you unplug the power cord but that doesn't help me, I need to be able to use it when the power cord is plugged in or not. Anyway, I chatted with Plantronics support and then informed me that it's a known issue with no work around except to unplug the power cord while using it. So, it's getting returned. 
Esaki si ta campion, un tremendo idea di e sistema pa por load up un potret digital ariba bo PC. hopi bon y facil. Esaki ta pone cu bo por saca bo potret digital y pone ariba bo PC via e systema aki di chip.(Tremendo 
I bought this one for its coaxial cable protection function, but the result is terrible. It greatly degrades the signal. When I use it with TV, the program on TV became unclear. When I use it with computer, the high-speed internet kept dropping. I intended to return it to Amazon, and I found Amazon's return policy is that only partial refund for opened products. How can I know it's dysfunctional before I destroyed the package and used it? In the future, I only buy stuff at online stores with local stores, such as bestbuy or circuit city, so that I can easily get refund. 
We bought this phone and two additional handsets eleven months ago. One handset gave us problems from the start, but was promptly replaced when returned for service. The system works fine in our 2-story, 2,300 sq. ft. home. I did notice some reception problems carrying the handset into the closed garage with the base station upstairs on the opposite end of the house. As a test I took the handset down the street about 100 yards away - it still got a clear dialtone to the base located in upstairs bedroom facing the street. I like the features, including paging system, call transfer, and handset speakerphone. Being able to have a phone at any 110v outlet location is a big plus. I think the sound quality is very good, and the controls well laid out and pretty intuitive. I agree that having to enter memory numbers into each handset is a drag. Overall I feel it works as advertised, and we'll be using it for a long time 
Takes 3 AAA batteries that in our experience run out too quick. Other units we've owned have lower battery drain. Also the LCD display has poor contrast. All in all, I'd buy another one that costs a few bucks more 
Garmin iQue M5 I'm very pleased with my little iQue M5 GPS/PDA. While it's not perfect, it's pretty darn amazing. I had actually purchased a Lowrence iWay 350 GPS, but then my husband discovered the iQue on sale at Costco for about [...] more. With the iQue offering so many more features, I returned the Lowrence and purchased the iQue. With my husband and I both having the same machines, we can beam information to each other or send them over Bluetooth. It has taken many hours of playing around with it to get to learn the device, as it isn't very intuitive and the manuals, especially for the PDA, are limited. My husband has spent a lot of time learning to use the GPS, and he's learning its idiosyncrasies as far as planning routes and getting it to avoid routing through construction areas. It's very sophisticated and the maps are great - better detail than the Lowrence. We purchased a 2 Gig memory card and downloaded the entire map database onto it, and there were still 300 gigs to spare. I had no trouble downloading the maps or the Active Sync software. The basic GPS functions are easy to use once you get the hang of it, the voice directions are clear and concise, and it re-routes quickly if you go off course. You can plan your route in advance without having the GPS activated. This is a good idea, since it can take up to 5 minutes for the unit to locate the satellites, and you can be on your way if you've viewed your route before starting out. I used the GPS on a trip Stratford, Canada, and it was wonderful having the Canadian maps as well as the US maps available. I even used it handheld while walking to my bed-and-breakfast from the theater. Every once in awhile there is a glitch (it said the theater was on the left, which would have taken me into the Avon River!), but it's generally right on target and I find most of the problems are operator error, such as turning too soon. The "Route to Home" feature is very convenient. Granted, the iQue doesn't always take you on the shortest route, but it will get you where you're going and if you're "directionally challenged" like I am, it becomes indispensible. The car mounting bracket works fine. It's popped off occasionally in hot weather, but generally stays put. The bracket would be easy to move to another vehicle. The GPS would work in a cup-holder if you needed to use it in a rental car. I've spent more time learning the PDA portion, which uses Windows Mobile 2003 2nd Edition. The iQue uses Outlook as its interface, so you'll have to have it installed on your computer. Not having used Outlook before, I installed Outlook on my laptop and spent some time getting familiar with it, which was helpful. The PDA has so many functions that it's hard to even describe what this little machine can do. It will organize all of your calendar functions and contacts, checks e-mail, accesses the Internet if you get a Wi-Fi card, recognizes handwriting, has a voice recorder, interfaces with other Bluetooth units, sends alarms, has Word and Excel, even has a couple of good games. I got a separate SD card for music and downloaded a lot of songs, and the sound through headphones is quite acceptable (it has bass boost). It uses Windows Media Player so you can organize all of your playlists. You can download any programs that are available for Windows Mobile 2003, including TV shows and videos. I never thought I'd find much use for a PDA but I'm using it every day. No more little notes on scraps of paper or a separate pocket calendar, address book or even an IPod. Everything is in one handy-dandy little machine. And even though it isn't that intuitive, once you've learned the basic conventions they translate to most of the programs. We've called Garmin Tech Support a few times and, although they are only open during regular business hours, we found American staff who are very knowledgeable about the product. Since a good GPS will run at least [...], this was a great bargain at around [...] We've purchased screen protectors and are hoping it won't wear out too quickly, as I've heard Palm Pilots tend to do. I'm really enjoying the iQue. 
I am happy to have several Sandisk products, and all of them are excellent. 
These Ear Buds are large and hard. They have sharp edges and hurt my ears. I have large ears and large ear canals and wear other earbud type headphones all the time which do not bother me. These were not only painful but did not enhance the sound, but actually reduced it. This product should be taken off the market 
These speakers are amazing, I am truly shocked to receive something so sweet at an unbelievable price, amazon thank you for the hook up, my speaker system rocks. My delivery experience with amazon was great. Can't thank you enough, keep up the great service, truly 
Wish the unit had a separate online/offline light. When power to the unit is missing, the single red light turns off only when the warning sounds. The warning sound is like a lot of sounds you hear in the house so it isn't always easy to tell what is happening 
We have 50+ of these cards at work and I have 4 at home. I have never seen a more "fragile" PCI card. If you slam a door or stomp your feet near the PC, this card may very well cease to function on the next reboot. God forbid you attempt to move the tower. Every other day, someone has a malfunctioning card which needs to be jiggled, removed and reinserted, or otherwise screwed with. When it does actually work, the connection is usually good 
I have burned over 100 of these in the past 6 months, I have only had 1 burn badly. Haven't found a dvd player yet that they won't play in 
If you have a Palm, read this before buying this device: <<<Although our SD GPS card should work with Palm OS without a driver as its NMEA-0183 compliant, currently we are not aware of any 3rd-party software that supports our SD GPS card. Based on this I regrettably have to say that at this moment it does not work with Palm OS device. We are currently in the process of developing a Palm OS driver that will allow the device to be used independent of 3rd-party software support. When this becomes available it will be posted on our website.>>> I bought this for my father for Christmas. It cost a lot of money. We all got really excited about it. It doesn't work. : 
I read the other reviews and don't understand where they are coming from UNLESS they are all by AT or BELL employees. I've had Vonage for 3 years and have nothing but good things to say about it. I have local numbers for Seattle, Salt Lake City, Boston and San Francisco so my friends can stay in touch. These numbers only cost me $4.99/each a month. Customer service is excellent. They stay right on the phone with you until everything works perfectly. This is especially nice after they added 911 service 
I am not really a big tech person so I don't have the mega system hooked up to my computer and DVD/TV but I do know that since I got this I have been blasting my music like crazy. I don't really mind too much that the power and volume is under the desk because I have enough space down there and all I have to is lean down... Anyway I personally feel the only way it could be better was if there was a remote for it and it gets hella loud (considering its computer speakers) I don't even have to turn them all the way up to hear them when I'm in the shower so I am pretty much happy with them 
This FM transmitter is the bomb diggiti!! PROS: The clarity it great and the fact that it has a long neck makes it the best! PROS: If you own a Chyrsler PT Cruiser, you will love this device. The neck brings the IPod even with the top of the steering column. So it right into view on the right. You don't have to look down or fumble for you I-Pod in between the seats. PROS: Very stable once it is in the outlet. PROS: GREAT reception! CONS: Would be nice if it had a on/off switch on the base for those outlets that stay on even when the car is off. The green light on the device my attract unwanted attention. CONS: I have to take off my protector everytime I use the IPod in my car 
The other effusive reviews are spot-on... the picture is fabulous on new DVDs (Lord of the Rings, Nemo, Harry Potter). A $20 Cables to Go HDMI cable does a great job. We have the Sony KDF-42E2000 42" 3LCD Rear Projection HDTV and are thrilled with the combination. A few annoyances: The machine responds and loads slowly, but that's not too bad; a minor sacrifice for the incredibly low price. And, certain DVDs of old movies (Some Like it Hot, The King and I) stretch the picture horizontally, making things look squat. I'm sure there's a solution, but just can't figure it out. Any tips 
Excellent antenna. Why pay so much more for other indoor antennas such as Terk or Samsung. I tried both of those but ended up with the Zenith at a fraction of the price and with much better reception 
We have bought 3 of these VTech Phones for our house. Since the begining we have had battery problems. It is really annoying when you have to make a phone call and your phone doesn't work because of the battery. At any point in time, at least one of the phones constantly reports a "low charge" or "no battery" message, which means you can't use that phone. Of course, you can hear the ring from the phone that is never at the same room that you are, so you have to run to pick up the other phone, since the one in your location has the no battery problem. As other reviewers have noted, this in spite of the fact that we make minimal use of the phones and leave them in the charger most of the time. On the beginning we used to take the battery out of phone and put it back in. That doesn't quite work anymore. I tried to get support but you can't get a live person at the VTech number. On their website they suggest replacing the batteries, but they are rechargeable, so how many times are we really supposed to buy new rechargeable baterries (I have already replaced it once)? I know we wont buy VTech products again. 
I purchased this armband to hold my Nano during workouts. The band barely fits my arm and tends to slide down the arm while running or cross training. Looking for a replacement right now 
I've had this photo printer a few weeks now. I don't consider myself technically proficient. I totally scored despite gross ignorance with this machine. You cannot go wrong. The photo quality is astonishing. I've printed professional quality photos and framed them. The results are fantastic. For someone who is techno-challenged, I had this up and running very quickly 
It is rather ironic that this device was so cheap that despite the fact that IT WILL NOT CHARGE AN IPOD SHUFFLE...it cost more to ship it back than I would get in a refund. Bought from an Amazon associated store (Tiger Direct) for $4.99. I also bought the matching car charger for $3.99. NEITHER WORKS WITH THE IPOD SHUFFLE. Oh well. Belkin makes a iPod dock connector to USB adapter that allows you to use your existing FW based stuff for CHARGING ONLY...., I think that is the ticket for charging the Shuffle on the road 
All 3 kids have a Tunebase. It works great, easy to use. It also charges the iPod while we travel 
This is an affordable option that provides a lot of memory and allows USB 2.0 protocol for very fast transfer. If you need to transfer data from one digital product to another, this is very handy and I think that every person dealing a lot with data should have one. 
This does not fit the iPAQ hx2755. Do not try! There are plenty of other cases out there that will work. I ended up with a 94 cent digital camera case from Wal-Mart that works better than this thing. 
One day it just stopped working. I got the dreaded "orange and green flashing lights of death"... the contents of the File space were un-recoverable... and I ended up just pitching it after extensive attempts to revive it. Apparently this is yet another one of the bad products that Apple likes to keep hush-hush 
Monster Cable and its similarly overpriced imitators are a triumph of hype over substance, and ruthlessly exploits the consumer's naivete and trust in shady audio/video salespeople. Yes, for most things you DO "get what you pay for"---but when it comes to speaker cables, interconnects, and other a/v wiring however it's another story. All you need for optimal sound is any 12 to 16 gauge generic cable which you can buy at Home Depot for a fraction of the cost. Save your money for things like speaker stands, which really do make a world of difference 
Great value for your money. Kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product. 
First off, I bought this headset for gaming, which anyone who enjoys the pastime will tell you how quickly the hours can melt away. Gamers are dependant on an ultra comfortable pair of headphones that we shouldn't be able to feel. I have been searching high and low for the Holy Grail of comfort and I was certain paying $90+ for a "gaming" headset would be the end of my search. Sorry, these guys are going back. I've tried a couple "cheap" Best-Buy headsets that I found painful to wear after an hour or so. Then I decided to spring for "top of the line". I wore these for 15 minutes before it became obvious this headset was not the Holy Grail I've been looking for. The headset itself feels flimsy and cheap. The padding is made of an itchy fabric, and even on my small head, it feels tight. The earphones do not cover my ears and I can feel them slowly being crushed. I'm not impressed with the sound, but I could overlook that if they were comfortable to wear. I didn't even bother to try the mic. If this is how Sennheiser makes their high end gaming equipment, I think it's safe to say I will avoid these guys in the future. The $30 pair of Aiwa's I wear at work are more comfortable than this and sound the same... if only that pair had a mic. *My ears still feel uncomfortable after taking the set off and then writing this review- I couldn't imagine wearing them for a few hours while gaming. If I find the perfect pair I'll let you all know 
Hard to figure out and organize music... battery life not what is promised and needs to be changed often... don't recommend it. Very "Not happy 
just got this one at sears, and was only $20 so i grabbed it. the Canon A400 i have only came with 16mb so i needed more space. the 128 is much faster and easy to format than my old one. love it!!! go out and buy one today! GET SANDISK NOT LEXAR, THEY BREAK ALL THE TIME!!!!! 
I initially chose this router because of its low price. Sometimes, you get what you pay for, and that is exactly what happened to me. As a wired router, this works well enough. It connects four computers to the internet. Just don't do anything to intense with it, and you should be fine. I noticed that when I view video media, the connection totally freezes. But for basic internet and downloading, it works. I generally find, however, that no one buys a "wireless" router not to use wireless, and that is where the problem is. The receiver is so painfully finicky, it does not keep connections. The configuration of this router is about as easy as brain surgery. The linksys support team tries to be helpful, but I can't seem to make this router reliable. It drops reception all the time. Many times my laptop won't even detect a signal. The wireless performance of this router is abysmal. I sincerely hope that if you have this router, it is working flawlessly for you. I can't get it to work well for me not matter what I do. The difficulty that I am having with this equipment is so bad that I am going to replace it as soon as I can. 
This Uniden phone/answering system has been trouble free since we bought it three months ago. Here's a list of the other things about this phone that I like most: 1. The corded handset base unit can be used to make and receive calls even when the electricity is off. This, along with price, was the main reason I bought this phone system. This feature is unusual for a cordless phone system. 2. The controls on the answering machine are simple and intuitive enough so that you don't have to refer to the manual when you need to set the clock or change the outgoing recording. 3. Also, the answering machine has operated flawlessly so far. 4. The battery life of the cordless handset has been excellent between charges. At least a week, sometimes more. 5. Voice quality of the cordless handset and the corded base handset are very good. However, there is something about this phone system that I don't like. --The cordless handset has a pretty limited range. I had to locate the base unit in a central location in my 2,300 square foot house to get the handset to work in all rooms. But overall I think the phone is a good buy, if you can live with the distance restrictions of the cordless handset 
I picked up this headset telephone because I am spending more and more time on the phone. Almost immediately after plugging it in, everyone I called asked me to speak up, repeat what I said, and that they could not hear me very well. When I attempted to setup a new voicemail system, I found out why. The headphone is amplified, but the microphone is not. No matter how loud I spoke (or shouted) the audio is severely suppressed and barely audible. Simply stated, this product is not usable. 
It's a simple device, so there's not to say about it other than it does the job. You should note that the LEDs on the device remain lit as long as the device is plugged into your PC and the PC is powered (they glow a bright blue). 
This phone has noticably greater range and clarity than our other wireless phones. The message center works well, and the intercom feature is useful. The phone is a little small, and similar to cell phones rather than a house wireless phone. There are two generic rechargable NiCAD batteries, I think they will be easier to find than some of the packaged NiCADs that come with most wireless phones 
I bought this so I could listen to my iPod in my car in the city. The first couple of times, it worked great, but after that, something happened. It just wouldn't work. All I heard was static, no matter what frequency I tried this on. I have yet to take a road trip with it, so maybe that will work better, but right now, I am not happy with the product. Maybe the fact that I live in a city with radio stations on virtually every frequency has something to do with it, but it used to work on some frequencies, and now it just doesn't anymore. I am very disappointed 
Earbud fit system is comfortable, seals out noise, for many ear canal sizes. Sound is great 
I bought this as an extra support for my wrist and within 2 weeks the gel started to ooze from the seems. I ended up having to staple all around the edges of the bean to stop the ooze which has worked but definately a design flaw. I wouldn't buy this again 
i bought 2 pairs of this radios and 1 of the pairs have a damage radio, the microphone dosen't work and i cant fix it!! :( im sand about it!!! 
A great solution to theft prevention for this GPS. The legs fold up to make a compact unit that easily fits into the glove box. As for the grip on the dash, it works very well. There is a little bit of creep on slick dash boards, but it sticks better than the Garmin bean bag on my 2720. 
The camera is perfect. If using the camera for keeping in touch with friends and family this is the camera for you. The picture is clear not to grainy. The only heads up is lighting. Try to use the camera in a well light area. We are stationed in Japan and use the camera almost daily to spend time with family back home. The camera has added great joy to the family especially when feeling homesick. The best part is the price won't break the bank 
They are okay for eight or so dollars, but they don't last very long. Then again, I used these for a digital camera so maybe that's why they get drained so quickly. However, for the price I still would buy them again 
Of course as all things computer related, as soon as this was purchased the price dropped drastically. Unit works great but buy the 2 gig. More bang for the $ 
The first Vista Cx I purchased died after only 3 days of use. I returned it to Amazon who immediately and painlessly replaced it. The second unit lasted for 4 days until I fell waist deep into a stream with the unit in my pocket. Though it was only submersed for a matter of seconds it immediately stopped working and water was seen internally around the screen. Garmin's claim of waterproofness for 1m for 10 minutes is utter baloney. The poorly designed T-style lock on the battery case cannot possibly assure water integrity from anything beyond high humidity. I probably wouldn't buy buy another Garmin but I'm stuck with them as I have already invested $200 in proprietary MapSource software. I guess that was their plan. On the plus side, the Vista Cx did seem to function as it should...for all of 7 days 
I was using it as a backup device and it failed after about 12 months. So I am ripping it apart and putting in a new UltraATA disk in. Just hope the box is not frying the disk. I noticed in another review they had a Western Digital. I had a Segate Baracuda 7200.8. Doubt that it makes any difference. I am sure it is just low bidder 
I just purchased this printer last night at BestBuy and took it home. When I removed the contents of the box, I noticed that the USB cord was not in there. I read the directions and said that you had to buy the cord separately. I couldn't believe it. So, I went to the store and bought one. This cost me an additional $11. I went home, installed the software and plugged everything in. I printed off a few things and it looked great. Today, I went to use the printer again and the power woudn't turn on! I disconnected then reconnected everything and still no power! I tried several more things and still couldn't turn the power on. Now I have to return it to BestBuy. This was the first and last time I will ever buy anything from HP!! 
After seeing a wide range in the prices for HDMI cables, I did some research into why is it. Found out that these cables carry digital signals (0's and 1's), so no matter what kind of fancy name you add before this cable, its basic purpose is simple like a cat5 cable. Then I went ahead and bought the cheaper ones which are working perfectly fine. So, dont be fooled by the high price cables. There is no special sheilding %*p in them. Its all misleading marketing. For this length of cable, I would pay maybe $5 
How many pictures will it store? It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the most difficult to get a straight answer about. Well, considering I worked in the memory industry for over 7 years I can help clarify this perplexing question and do so unbiased as I have since changed industries. The SanDisk SDSDB-128-A10 Secure Digital 128MB, like most 128MB cards, will store on average 142 pictures when used with a 2 megapixel camera, 106 images when used with a 3 megapixel camera, 64 pictures when used with a 4 megapixel camera, 51 images when used with a 5 megapixel camera, and 40 pictures when used with a 6 megapixel camera. These numbers are based off the assumption that you are going to shoot your images at the highest quality JPEG setting available for the camera and understand that they are estimates and may be off by as much as 10 percent due to numerous factors including the complexity of the scene being shot and the compression algorithm used by your specific camera. I truly hope this review was helpful to you in determining whether this card is the right capacity for your specific needs 
I found this as the perfect solution to fill in some dead airt space in my house downstairs given the internet connection is upstairs and so far, other wireless solutions have been marginal. I really wondered if the Ethernet over powerlines would really work or if the 802.11G would really work. So I get my new Extender kit, unbox it and plug everything in without bothering to read the directions. Lets be real, this stuff SHOULD be plug and play and IT WAS. It came right up and worked and has worked for the past three months flawlessly. I have decent range downstairs, it works with the Macs and the PCs and doesnt seem to care a whit. I can highly recommend using this product as the primary connection or as I did, extending an existing network without having to pull cable or put in multiple 802.11 bridges 
What a waste of money. I wish someone had posted before the Dec. 22 posting (which was excellent) pointing out that this device doesn't work on an iPod "shuffle". I spent more to ship this item than I did for the item itself, so I am also stuck with one. Rats!! 
I initially purchased this model then returned it in favor of the Sony SRF-M37V because of its five one-button pre-sets which make it a no-brainer to use while exercising. However, the SRF-59, perhaps because of its analog tuning, suffers less from co-channel and adjacent channel interference on FM. It's audio is slightly brighter and more musical with a decent pair of headphones or earbuds than its digitally tuned cousin. With this in mind, I purchased another SRF-59 yesterday and spent all last evening listening to it. I literally could not make myself shut it off and go to bed I was having so much fun scanning the FM dial. There was a program which aired last night on a local channel which featured bass-heavy 12" remixes of eighties new wave hits with, blessfully, very limited commercial interruption. Over the course of a three hour listening session, I gradually cranked up the volume. As I was too lazy to fish out decent earbuds, it became apparent that with bass-heavy audio at very loud volumes the SRF-59's tiny amplifier was insufficient to drive stock Walkman style headphones and peak audio was clipped which simply necessitated turning the volume down a tad to restore full musicality (I understand that decent quality earbuds require less power to achieve the same level of high sound output, therefore there will be no audio clipping). Nevertheless, the sound quality from this bargain-priced Walkman through less than ordinary headphones was astounding. The party is literally in your head, and the soundstage ranges from ear to ear, which is somewhat disconcerting when it is located above your sinuses. I also made one pass through the AM band and there the SRF-59 was no slouch either. I hauled in 1200 WOAI San Antonio which is approximately 1000 miles from me. Though no true DX machine, after all how could it be, it is at the least a competent performer on the AM band as well (I suspect early in the evening AM DXing conditions were as good as they have been in a long time). For more on this model and others visit Xin Feng's website. I highly recommend this model for cheap thrills! 
This is my first HOTAS, but I did a good bit of research. It is very easy to set up, and the SST Programming is very helpful setting the shift key. The joystick is easy to move, which is nice in a close dogfight. I am very glad that I bought this HOTAS, because I have had NO problems with it. I highly recommend this system to anyone 
After receiving this boon mic, I found it did not work consitently. Losing contact with lost words, and the mic had to be held to the lips, therefore it was not truly hands free. I require a mic that I do not have to touch to work and can be used with VO 
Originally purchased to supplement provide a tangle free connection to power source.After reading product manual,PowerSquid should be connected to dedicated power source 110 volt outlet.It is not recommended that PowerSquid be used with temporary power strip application...with or without surge protection. Use of Power Sentry 5-outlet PowerSquid should be used in accordance to sound electrical application. Do not overload or connect grounding cheaters in non-grounded 110 volt systems.Use with stand alone generators should be closely monitored and PowerSquid not be used beyond generator's capacity 
My brother got a Lexar for Christmas. He put it in his Tungsten C and for 30 stressful minutes the card did not work. The device recognized the card, but you could not copy, format, nothing... just got an error This card is read only and cannot be whatever. Then all of a sudden it started working. 2 stars for the stress and for the fear that it will stop working again 
SUCKS I had this right form the start with my compaq 7970 which is amd k7 processor and has the via chipset. The computer seemed to work for a while or at least had few errors when I first used it but I guess that was when I had windows 98 for 2 years. When I upgraded to windows XP it just got terrible I had frequent blue screens and errors. I thought it was my video card or my ram or Irq sharing tried all that didn't seem to be it. Eventually I was wrong it was this card as mentioned before by others apparently it does not like some amount of internet use and when the card gets stuck it shuts down and windows xp just says error or points to the video card or irq sharing ot page fault in non page area as the problem. The card was the problem buy another card other than fa310,fa311 the one I have and fa312 even if you have intel or something else I would not waist my money on this card it will probably give you problems down the road. I have tried updates from [...] and updating my ram and video card have checked my irqs and reformating hard drive none worked. I put in a 3 com card I bought a few years before this computer and wow no crashes that other computer is now wirelessly connected to my home network 
Besides all opion regarding this new calculator, I would like to say, it is very nice, good design, options, features, a huge screen and modern color. So far, I haven't navigate deep inside it, it is not similar as 48GX, so you've got to expend some time to know how to use it. I bought it since there is not a better calculator than this (48GX is UNIQUE but obsolete 
As the title states, this is an excellent wireless mouse. Works right away with Windows XP, no driver install or software needed for two-button and normal scroll capabilities. Software allows for extra button assignment, but could use some work. I have had some trouble finding the menus I want when I want to find them. For example, I have an issue where I cannot find the extra button assignment menu after plugging in the USB receiver after a system start-up, however I am able to find those menus in the software if I remove and reinsert the receiver. But as I said before, superb mouse function and tracking...this thing works on upholstery, leather, my jeans, and thick carpet!! 
I bought these because I have an HP printer and figured they would be best for the shirts I want to make. I couldn't get them to take for anything in the world. I put the pressure on it, ironed them longer, everything you can think of and they still wouldn't take. Then when I finally got one to take it completely cracked and crumbled and started peeling off before an hour was up. It never made it to the wash, so now I am out the money I paid for them and still have no shirts. Any other brands you suggest instead 
These are the only earphones worth buying for your iPod. I tried to get some cheapies after I lost my originals, but they were horrible. These are a little expensicve, but so worth it. I don't use the pause/skip attachment thing though. It makes the cord too long 
This adapter will not work at all with Windows XP SP2 - despite any promises from the Linksys website, this cannot be setup - buy the Anycom adapter instead 
Does the unit work??,...Well yes to a degree. It takes 6 holes to lock on to the satellites and then does a fair job of giving distances. The display is poor and though they say "up to 40 objects per hole" there is normally 2-4 objects per hole. All this depends upon the Skycaddie course recorder. The user (you) can not modify the course or add any objects that the course recorder didn't think was important. Now the bad part. The unit attaches via button and belt clip (like a cell phone). My button (part that attaches to main unit) has died twice in the first 30 days. When it breaks again,...which it will often,..the unit will probally hit the dirt. This isn't good. But fear not. It will be packed away weeks trying to get in touch with Skygolf. And another week to get a replacement button (which has been modified even weaker than the original one). Now my replacement broke on the first time I clipped it to the belt. Now back to Skycaddie to get another. After being on hold for another hour, they need to transfer you to another tech that handles parts. This will take another hour. You then get a message to leave a message. Normally within a week someone will call you back. By normally I mean about 35% of the time you leave messages they return them. Would I buy another,... duh,.... NO 
This did not live up to its price or my expectations. I walk to work and there was static on both AM and FM - 
I found the sound fantastic. Just got these after usinf Shure E3s for about a year. I liked those but find these even better. When I first tried them I found the base so much stronger than the E3s as many have alluded to. Now I run my iPod at normal equalizer settings. I find the balance of the set dead on. The fit is great, of course your milage may vary. In fact they are so good at excluding air conduction that bone conduction becomes very noticable. This means when I walk with them I can hear my footsteps. This would be a real problem if I jogged (low impact workouts such as elipticals and bicycles are not affected) 
I have to say, since I really started listening to music I have payed attention to a lot more detail of sound. With that said I am not a bass junky; but bass and compression of the overall mix is what makes a sound a good sound. I currently owned a pair of Sony MDR-EX81LP (that cost me 30-40 dollars a year ago) I am a medical student and I study all day and all night, but cannot have my music blasting. Conversely I needed to have a nice isolation of my sound. Comparing my old Sony to the new ER-6 that I just got, I am EXTREMELY DISSAPOINTED with their performance. I was expecting a great sound with minimal noise from the outside and get almost no response at the level that I studied with my old ear buds. To be fair remember that these are not noise cancelling, they are noise reducing. There is no component involved here, they are basically really good earplugs with speakers in them. My wife just ran the vacuum and I barely heard it. The earplug reduced noise feature is great and comfortable; however my other ones (Sony earbuds) sound better. A combination of the two would be great. Keep in mind that this is my opinion and make your own based on why you are buying earbuds. Environmental sound reduction is great, sound quality is not as good as some others.....choose your fault and pay attention to pricing. 
Caution. Creative used to have great support. Now, 60 days of phone support. I have a 9 month old ZEN Micro. It will not start, if I plug it in, it appears to charge but never completes, If I turn it on while plugged in i get to the Creative boot up screen, it goes blank and never completes the boot up. Useless junk now. I cnnot find my original receipt, (who can). I cannot be returned, and I cannot get support on it. I will be returning my perfectly good running Vision M with receipt, as i cannot risk this device breaking down too. I have always hated Apple, I am a PC guy, but an Ipod will be my next MP3 device 
On the good side, it was easy to set up, and worked reasonably well if the phone (tried both cordless and corded) was plugged directly into unit. However, I could not get it to work on other phones in the house when I used the jack to plug it into the wall per the instructions (so it would work like a land line on any phone in the house). I do not have a land line, so it may just need a land line to work since you are supposed to be able to switch back and forth. I even tried disconnecting the line outside the house but that didn't work either. I experience sporatic dropped calls that were not present before installing this device. I contacted tech support and was sent a driver upgrade v 1.20 (not available from their website). This seemed to improve the dropped call situation a bit, but I still have more dropped calls than before. The dealbreaker for me was after I found out you had to be logged in as an administrator for it to work. With an "always on" internet connection, I was not willing to expose myself to that security risk 
This reciever is great! It even gets reception on 6 satelites inside my office building. I have played with many GPS units and have yet to see a reciever do that. This is a definte buy. It is extremely accurate also. I highly recomend it 
I can use it for about 5 working days and Ka-Put! (Even though I switch it off when I'm not using it.) There is no intelligible low battery indication or warning either. Also when I changed batteries, the battery contacts fell out. Poor quality 
I had several problems with the iPod, mostly because of its horrible software iTunes. It messed up the firmware on the device several times, it would complain constantly that it is not up to date and then try to update it which resuted in several crashes. The most horrible thing however was that it would mess up your MP3 music collection in a way that can never be undone. I had orgaized my collection in the file system nicely by genre, author, album etc, and this thing messed up everything. I have another mp3 player - iRiver - which I reccommend as a lot better than the iPod anyway - and I wanted to be able to copy things on it from my library. Now i am not able to and have to go back and re-organize the mess manually!. I do not recommend the iPod and I do not recommend using their software either. 
Cuando compr una Toshiba Satellite M105 con pantalla de 14", eleg este maletin porque lei que sus dimensiones se ajustaban al equipo. El interior est forrado y cuenta con las divisiones suficientes para llevar el cargador y los cables de poder de la notebook. Asimismo puedo incluir documentos, mouse y otros accesorios. El asa es cmoda y la correa incluida es ancha y ajustable al largo que uno desee. Estoy satisfecho con esta compra 
I had a small 512 Sandisk a while back, so when I saw a review for the Titanium 2GB Cruzer in a popular computer mag, I decided to upgrade from my Lexar 1GB. So far, I'm very impressed. Just did a 1.26GB transfer that took 140 seconds. I was a big leery of the included software, but was pleased to see that if I didn't care for it, it was easily removed. I have not had an issue with either the software or the drive, and am very impressed with the design of the retractable interface that requires pressure to expose or retract. This is a very good drive, and contrary to the negative comments, I would encourage anyone looking for a fast, stylish, practical jump drive to seriously conside the Titanium Cruzer 
Fast shipping, Very happy with the GARMIN. Their tech support is good..they answer all questions....WILL buy from AMAZON again... will buy a GARMIn agai 
We have had this phone for almost a year and I love it. We have the base station which is also an answereing machine plus we have a sattelite phone. I wish we had more satelite phones. I love the talking feature because I just listen and know who is calling. I also love the programming feature. I never have to look aup a tel number that I call regularly anymore. I just wish the extra phones were not so expensive to add on. Great phone buy it 
Yeah, the Nano Dock is useful; however, be aware that it comes with NO cords whatsoever. This means that you have to purchase yet another accessory for it to be of any practical use. BOO Apple! There is absolutely no excuse for following in the footsteps of Microsoft 
This monitor stand is worth every penny, and considering the price, that really isnt that many pennies. What a monitor stand does is it raises the monitor to make it easier on your neck to view. I have an IBM laptop and I place it on top of the stand. With the stand, I probably have to look down at most about 10-15 degrees. Before the stand, I would have to look down at about 35 degrees. This does not seem like much, but if you spend alot of time staring at a computer screen, your neck will be sore. Buy this stand and your neck will thank you. 
Gave as a gift. Excellent value. Tune capacity more than sufficient, easy to use and sound quality is right up there. Must get one for myself 
We used the GTX600VP4 to stay in contact with two vehicles while traveling. The 5-watt power gave us ample range. Does it reach 18 or 20 miles, don't know. But 5 to 8 miles between cars was not a problem. Range was somewhat reduced over hilly terrain and varied from poor to good in the Rocky Mountains. It's a great way to stay in touch when traveling. The batteries are rechargeable, both A/C D/C. The ear pieces were very good for privacy. Very easy to use and well worth the price. A good investment. 
Works exactly as advertised - I travel a lot and I can finally enjoy those long travel hours in planes calmly. Worth the "relatively" high price tag 
I bought this thing becuase I use voice recognition with my computer and I'm on the phone quite a bit. it was supposed to eliminate the need to for two head sets. With the amplifier and the plantronics headset to go with it The total cost came to around $200. Yay! The amplifier has a strong hum when used through the phone and when I use it witht eh computer it has such poor sound quality that it doesn't work with my voice rec. software. I called customer service and they said I should send the unit to them and they would send me a new one. Funny, I have read that in a few places online. I went out and bought the Labtec equivelent, the dialog-301 at a whopping $15 (headset included, the head set is cheap though) and it is chrystal clear for both the phone and my computer. Plus if you want to upgrade the head set you can buy any analog computer headset. Save yourself $185 and just buy the dialog-301 you will be happy. 
I bought a lot of Panasonic stuff in the past without any problems but the picture quality on this thing is awful, even at the highest quality setting. All I saw were blocky artifacts that seemed to be blinking. I even had the DNR (digital noise reduction) enabled and it didn't help. Most recordings skipped and stuttered at the beginning. I took it back for refund and Best Buy told me this model is known for doing that. I don't see how Panasonic can put their name on this junk. Those cheap $99 recorders you find at Walmart have better quality than this. 
I have several pairs of portable speakers for my laptop but forgot to bring them on a recent trip and bought these based on the glowing reviews posted here. However, when I received the speakers I found that they are much larger in size and much lower in both quality of build and quality of sound than for example the Creative speakers. They have a huge and unstable footprint when opened (about 9 inches long and one inch deep) and are not particularly compact when folded either. The sound is not rich and they eat batteries amazingly fast, then begin to buzz. I do not recommend these speakers 
These seemed like good headphones at first - but problems with portablity were huge! The sound was good but 3 months into ownership one earpeice died so the phones are useless!! NOT worth spending time and money on these phones 
No complaints - I'm pleased with the quality and price 
the case looks nice, but not practical. Everytime you need to change the volume or track you have to pull your ipod out. My ipod had scratch marks on it the first week. Unfortunately, all the picture you see of this case is from the side view, so you cannot see that there is no opening for the wheel and the display. I recommend iskin product. 
The product not only did not work but blew out fuses in my car. The mechanic who checked my car out said the device had a dead short in it. I have written to your customer service department and asked for money back but to no avail. I will not purchase another thing from Amazon until my money is refunded 
I bought this laptop stand when I found out that my laptop could drive dual screens so I could have different items on the two screens and drag stuff between them. So now I have the center of the screens at the same height, side-by-side. It is really nice to have twice the screen real-estate. I figured that mostly I would put background stuff on the laptop screen (like email) and use my big hi-resolution screen for what I was activly working on. But, now that the laptop screen is up at eye level, I tend to use it just as often as the big monitor! It turns out that my dislike of the laptop screen had more to do with having to look down at it, even though I was not aware of that until I got it raised. 
I'm a D-Link refugee and this card has been just great. My home connection has been very good, I'm in a basement and have no idea where the router is! Swapping wireless networks is a breeze as I travel around - it can be easily configured to automatically find one wherever you are. Very reliable, quality construction, easy to install and no problems with W2K. This is my 2nd Netgear card; also have the FA511 wired adapter about which I can say the same things (except the wireless bits). Definitely recommended and worth the extra cost if there is any 
you may notice i am writing this in lowercase. i am using the s510 keyboard i bought over a year ago. the shift keys suddenly went out so the keyboard is now useless. i have to subtract for longevity. the mouse that comes with the keyboard is poor but i use it with another mouse anyway. and, as noted in other reviews this, in common with most other usb keyboards, only works with basic functionality when hooked up through a usb kvm switch. on the good side, the battery life is very good and i think it looks nice, but i'll be looking for something else for a replacement.. 
This charger is flimsy. 1) As other mention, the "retractable" unit quickly became tangled, and without significant attention every single time (not feasible while driving), doesn't retract. 2) The plastic covering the wire at the base of the jack pulled loose, exposing the wires. 3) After a few months of very gentle use, the white plastic cover of the jack cracked and fell off. As a result, I'm back in the market for a charger, just months after buying this one 
I have searched and searched and searched for a pair of portable headphones that sound as good as these with lots of failure. IMO, you cannot beat the sound of a set of over-the-head headphones. I have tried all styles: earbuds, behind the neck, clips, even the ear plugs. Nothing gives the sound and comfort of the KTX Pros (granted, I have never tried the sportapros or portapros, but from what I have read, they are the same headphone. Except they are UGLY!). The KTX Pros have both great lows and great highs. Plus, you can't beat that price 
This product stopped working a few days after purchase. 5 phone calls and 2 emails were not returned by SanDisk. This product did not work as advertised and no technical support of any kind is available. I would not buy this brand again 
The mouse pad is a great idea with superb support for the wrist. Unlike some customers, I did not detect any odors or problems with the materials use in the gel pad. However, the mouse pad did not work with my Logitech optical mouse. Great idea but poorly implemented. 
While thinking of ideas for my church's 75th anniversary celebration, I decided to make T-shirts and sweatshirts using iron-on transfers and my ink jet printer. I chose the invent it! brand from Hammermill papers because it was the most cost-effective (cheapest). I created the design on my computer and tried it out on the transfer paper. The results were outstanding for a do-it-yourself project. I followed the instructions included with the transfers and it was a piece of cake. One thing that I did find out - keep the transfers dry after they have been printed. One got wet in the rain and it spotted very badly wherever a rain drop came in contact. This product also does a very good job in black and white, not just in color. The shirts that I did, laundered according to the instructions, came out of the wash lookin' good. I won't hesitate to use this product again in the future. However, I am now having trouble buying it locally, since my previous source no longer handles this product 
I never even got a chance to listen to music through these headphones. I couldn't get them to stay in/on my ears. The loops that go around your ear are huge and just make them more cumbersome. These may fit men with bigger ears better but I wouldn't recommend them for females 
If you have a cable modem for broadband connection to the internet, your unit will not be covered by the APS warranty on this device. Lightning hit near our house and the motherboard plus router got fried. The cable modem stayed intact and we filed a claim with APS. They denied it saying backend surges through the cable may have caused the damage (even though the modem wasn't hurt?) 
These speakers are not what i had expected from their size, price, and looks. Their quality, even at high volumes, exceeds many other speakers i've seen at double the price tag. The reason I bought these was because of the other reviews and the size. Another reason was the proposed battery life, 35 hours on 4 aaa batteries, not bad at all. So far its been very close. I have heard the other speaker (systems) and yes the JBL OnStage and the Bose Sounddock are both very good and do live up to their reputations, but your stuck with using them only when there is an outlet nearby 
I purchased this cable solely to connect my GPSmap 76S to my HP laptop. So far it has performed perfectly. I have not tried to use it for other applications yet, so I can't comment on how well it would work in other situations. 
Easy to use, nice (in appearance), very comfortable (lots of space) and at an excellent price! I highly reccomend it 
DON'T BUY IT! I bought a KOSS DVD player and it broke in 6 months. I was told I was out of luck because the warranty is only 90 days. They do not do repairs. My only option is to buy a new one and wasn't even offered a discounted price for it. I have seen several complaints like mine about KOSS on the web. They make JUNK and they make it to last just to get past the warranty period and then it breaks. Oh, by the way I loved it until it broke 
The absolutely worst headphones I have ever had. Trying the different sizes, the earplugs just don't want to stay in my ears (even standing still). The headphones that come with the I-Pod, and the earlier version of lanyard headphones were both much better. The sound was fine, but not any better than the standard headphones. A poor product. I was very disappointed, as I have had good experiences in general with Apple in the past 
The drive arrived at the end of December, was quick to get up and running, and worked fine until yesterday. Then it got the machine equivalent of "lockjaw" and I've been unable to get the tray to release. So, it's a good drive while it operates, but I'll probably make sure I pay for at least a 1-year warranty on my next purchase. As far as my recommendation goes, it depends very much on how inconvenient it is when one's drive fails. Yesterday, I just went to a backup burner and kept working; if I had NEEDED to get the job done, and I had not previously developed a strategy of always keeping a backup device handy, I'd have been in a seething, hair-pulling rage. Computer hardware is never 100% reliable, but is it worth the risk to purchase a device that is known to fail in less than a year 
The card works as advertised but SanDisk does not send in Mail-in-Rebate. Even though I mailed it in with the UPC Barcode, SanDisk sent me a post card stating that I needed to resubmit it with the barcode. How can I resubmit when they already have the barcode? In my experience with SanDisk, I got rebate back on one of two cards that I submitted - so you get mail-in rebate 50% of the time with SanDisk. I think mail-in-rebate is a big hoax perpetrated by these companies. Don't trust it! 
Their quality is cheap. so do their price. Out of the 25 CDs, atleast 8 of them failed. The rest, okay. I would suggest Verbatim. They are pretty good 
Ordered the ink cartridge and had it within 4 days. Love the service at Amazon 
I was looking for a very basic palm that would become my calendar and contact list and this is perfect for both!! It's very easy to learn and enter stuff. I'm a first time PDA owner and this is an excellent product! 
I am on my second one and I will be returning this one also. Both of them worked once and then would not retract fully after that. I was so mad I almost threw it against the wall. I thought the first one was a defect, but then when I got the second one I realized it was a design flaw... If you buy the Targus one keep your receipt because I guarantee you will be returning it. What I don't get is how Targus has the guts to release this product and also put on it: Satisfaction Guaranteed. What a joke.. 
Put the card in my W2000 PC, followed instructions. Got to the part about loading the driver, the book says to go to the \drivers\WIN2000 driver on the CD included in the box- guess what, it's not on the disk included in the box. Since I use a connection that needs this stupid card to work, now I have to find another PC and down load the driver 
This cable does improve the image quality but not by much. I was dissappointed to see very little difference between my standard PS2 stock cable and the moster cable I bought. This is not to say that the Monster cable is bad, but it just isn't worth the asking price. If you see on for under $20 then I recommend picking it up, but other than that, just avoid them because there isn't much better out there 
The Memorex DVD+R has got to be one of the worst dvd-r's out in the market. Not only is the rate of a successful DVD burn very low (movies, games, etc.), it also has a horrible shelf life that lasts for about four months. From what I hear from other members, Memorex uses a low-quality dye, and is explicitly evident in the red colored deterioration of the dye that can be seen on the top layer of the disk. All my DVD+R's are actually stained RED for some reason?!? Overall, go with verbatim or heck, even COMPUSA dvd's will be more suffice than this garbage 
It has some very useful addition from the previous model. It has cut the time of doing my homework in half 
This was by far the easiest computer peripheral I have ever setup! Works flawlessly with my Netgear wireless router 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Just a quick note to say that it is a pity that people buy 'toys' before exploring what it is that they're buying. I have seen people knock the SanDisk U3 drives, as well as U3 drive made by other companies. Well the reality is that: a- The U3 software has a way of stopping the software's auto-boot. b- There is Uninstall software available at at SanDisk.com and at U3.com, and I'm guessing that those company's that offer U3 and have a web site probably have the 'Uninstaller' on their site. c- There is a great deal of U3 software available (free and pay-for-it) at U3.com. I know that SanDisk has a software site, so do Verbatim Memorex. d- For those who want portable software but don't want U3 or don't have a U3 drive, go to http://portableapps.com. Note: some of the software here is the same used by the U3 folks, without using the U3 LaunchPad. e- Quality of drives: remember that when you buy most of the electronics 'toys' available today, you are buying Chinese c*** (junk). Both the manufacturing and Quality Control (QC) are garbage. Unless you are paying serious change for something ($500+) you will get passable junk. If you are expecting "made in Japan quality" your kidding yourself. This is the reason you will see many Brand Name goods, also selling with No-Name labels (i.e Coby). Same production line, different labels. It is also one of the reason folks are impressed with Apple iPods. Apple demands excellent QC, and the destruction of goods that don't meet the standard. In exchange you are willing to pay a 20% premium for this level of QC. Like everything in life, ya gets whats ya pay for. g- Since the beginning of Windows (v1.0, et al) there have always been buggy and uncooperative software programs, there will always be pain in the a** software. One of the reasons XP has such a prominent 'roll-back' feature. And also the reason many, if not MOST, power users run multiple machines. Of course, these days we have to fill Billy G's pockets by having to buy multiple paks of XP. Most of my power-user friends run at least three or four machines, each one with a different use. It shouldn't be this way, but the reality is that for folk that use or explore a great deal of software, for many purposes (MP3's, scanning, Video, controlling radios, composing music, et al), one machine won't cut it because XP ain't as stable as folks think. The more programs, and the more varied in type, the more instability is introduced into ANY Windows installation. Why do you think businesses run Win2000 or Win2003, because there are less software 'toys' that run under 2K, and the 'admin' can prevent you from loading a lot of software 'toys'. h- In the end, understand what you are buying before you buy so that you'll have better luck getting what you want, and you won't look so ignorant when you say something that anyone who has bothered to go to the web site(s) knows is dead wrong, or just plain stupid. i- When you truly understand the product, you'll be able to write TRULY useful reviews, and that what all readers want, useful information. To one and all, may your 'toys' keep you happy 
I have bought 2 packages of them, 100 sheet each. Quite satisfied. The printing are really excellent and professional. 
I commute via public transportation, the majority of that on a noisy train. Earbuds and over ear headphones don't block out enough of the noise to enjoy the music. I received these Philips HN110 headphones as a gift. When I first got these I was pretty disappointed at how flimsy they appeared. I have some KOSS over ear head phones which are nice and beefy. These are scrawny but on the other hand take up less space. They use a single AAA batt. Using them on the train I was able to turn down the volume on my music player a tad but a lot of the noise still gets through. I'm not an expert on these but I guess this noise cancelling works mainly on lower frequencies. Alot of the noise on the train is higher in pitch and thus gets through. The next thing I noticed was that with a cord coming out of both the left and right earphone you are limited in how you can put these on and take them off. My KOSS and Sony headphones and earbuds use the single cord to one phone and the connecting cord from there (or it runs through the headphone band). I realize I like this single cord feature very much. Again these Philips HN 110 don't have this. I also noticed that when the Noise Cancelling is turned on and the wind is blowing you can hear the wind as if it were amplified. After about a month and a half the battery compartment door latch broke inside. Now I can't open the battery compartment without doing some damage to these headphones. I checked Philips website for info on these phones but I couldn't find any. I called their customer support and they told me I had to call a different #. I called the different number and got the Return Merchandise Authorization # but was told I need to send the receipt in. I got them as a gift so I don't have the receipt. In summary, their noise cancelling ability is pretty week. Better than my hefty non-noise cancelling KOSS over ears or my stethascope like Sony ear buds but only by about 10% or so (just to put a number in their). Flimsy design. Cords from both earphones. Hear the wind amplified. Battery compartment latch broke after a month and a half and their warrenty sucks 
The is perhaps the lease durable item I have purchased in 40 years. It lights up just fine, and it is a reassuring led gold, but it refuses to do anything with my xd card. It worked just fine for 3-4 days, then erased about 100 photos, all of them irreplaceable. Cheap yes, but Cheap Junk. 
I bought this keyboard/mouse set hoping to consolidate most of my wireless devices onto a single HUB and standard. Setting up the set was easy enough in Windows, but I immediately found that the mouse did not work well at all. The cursor would move in increments of around 10 pixels at a time. I even put the Bluetooth adapter on a USB extension cord and placed it within inches of the mouse, but that didn't help at all. The keyboard seemed to work well, but I didn't use it for very long because the mouse was unbearable to use. I have several wireless networks in my area, which may be causing interference with the Bluetooh though 
These 2.0 speakers sound great (and not just for their size), are adjustable, small, and good looking. I'm about half deaf and every speakers with a separate woofer had too much bass when I turned the volume up so I could understand human speech. I'm happy I spent the money. These are real quality in my opinion 
OK, so it protects the TX on a fall, however the latching mechanism depends on a thin piece of plastic that eventually breaks, rendering the case without anyway of remaining shut on its own. Replacing this with something like the BoxWave.com hardcase, availab le from Amazon 
I had bought this item due to good review before I went to a trip to Bulgaria. However, it plugs in but doesn't work. Why? I don't know. how should I deal with it now? Is it a defect one? I have no idea, to me I just lost 17 dollars for an experience. (don't buy electronic items from a book store, even it's cheaper) Fortunate I also bought Targus travel adaptor set that save me 
Thinks my street is 50 feet before it actually is, therefore recalculates before the turn. If I go a different route, it continually tries to get me to make a "U" turn. Instead of shortest or fastest route, it may pick one that is very roundabout (you should see how it wants me to drive home from work). Maps need to be updated more often. Street Atlas or Streets and Maps do a better job of being updated...I'd use them except I don't want to tie up a PC just to drive across town. It might work well for cross country, for me, it's an expensive toy that I have yet to develop trust in. 
The ONLY reason i bought this unit when I saw it in the store was for the iPod controller feature. I really looked forward to being able to control my iPod from the deck and hiding my ipod in my dash completely out of sight. Boy was I disappointed! The iPod adpater works and all... but barely. It takes FOREVER to scroll through the songs, artists or albums. Why the hell would Alpine put out a product that has an inferior scrolling mechanism and then lock you out of the iPod so you can't even select songs from the iPod itself? I have over 3000 songs on my iPod... by the time I scroll to the song I want I've already reached my destination... and that's if I even find the song at all! So now what I have to do is unplug my iPod, scroll to the song I want, then plug it back in. (Luckily the reciever continues to play whatever song was already playing when you plug your iPod in.) But again... that defeats the whole point of having the controls built into the deck. Bottom line, the iPod control feature flat SUCKS. The deck features a "quick search" function... but it is uselss... it isn't used to search through artsts or albums... only individual songs and there's no way to skip 10, 20, 30 or 100 songs at a time... only 1 by 1... What's "quick" about that? I have 3000 songs and hundreds of artists and albums and Alpine thinks I'm supposed to go through them 1 by 1???? Another annoying thing about this unit is that when you skip through songs while the iPod is playing, the display just says "song up" or "song down" instead of just showing the name of the damn song! Who thought of that? What possible help could "song up" be to anyone? Just show the name of the song while I'm skipping through... that makes more sense right? There are a bunch of other problems I have with the practicalness of this unit when used with the iPod adapter and iPod... but the sound quality is great which is the most important thing... but then again... who cares if the sound is great when it takes you all day to find the song you want to listen to 
Using the component input on your TV can make a huge difference in picture quality, but the differentce between the lower priced monster cables and the most expensive monster cables in not noticeable. Save yourself $50 and buy the cheap ones 
My shuffle suffered the blinking green-orange lights so I took it into the Apple store. A salesman took 15 minutes to figure out that he couldn't do anything, and said I would have to sign up for a appointment at the "Genius" bar. At that appointment, the "genius" said he couldn't fix it, and because he said he didn't know anything about engineering he couldn't say whether the shuffle was not working because of a software or a hardware problem or both. Apparently being an Apple "genius" doesn't involve understanding how things work, though it does appear to require having a trendy haircut. The 'genius" then offered a $10 discount on the purchase of a new shuffle - but couldn't answer the question of why anyone would want to waste money on such a poorly designed thing. Perhaps it should be retitled the "idiot bar. 
This would be a great phone if it worked all the time. I had to return the phone within 1 day because the handset was defective. Amazon was very helpful and prompt with a response. However the handset would periodically quit working and required that the batteries be removed and reinserted to make it operational. After 2 months the handset died completely. AT will replace the handset under warranty, but it could take up to 3 weeks to get the replacement 
This player worked for 2 months. Then all of sudden it started failing with "no disk" message. Please do not go for cheap players 
I bought two of these cards to go alongside my wrt54gs. I though that they should work great together since they are from the same manufacturer. Oh boy was I wrong. Even the though I get full bars with these cards, I get very flaky connections with them. I've tried many different settings and firmwares to try to rectify the problem. Many hours have been spent trying to get a stable connection. No dice, very flaky. Other computers with different cards work fine with the wrt54gs and never dropout. So there is something about this card that just isn't right, and I can't imagine both cards being defective. I haven't tested them with another router, but if it can't work with a wrt54gs v3, then what's the point 
A while ago I purchased the same item, maybe a month, and I received what I paid for: 2 walkie talkies, 2 RECHARGABLE BATTERIES, and a CHARGING BASE for the walkies. In this last purchase I thought I bought the same things, I even paid the same amount of money, but neither the batteries nor the charging came in the package. Thank you Humberto Gonzalez San Jose, Costa Ric 
I purchased this item after carefully reading all the other reviews. I, like others, cound not get it to work with wireless security turned on. I even tired using the "tricks" described in another review. To be fair, the product worked fine without wireless security, but I see little point in helping my neighbors tap my internet connection. I am very disappointed in the product 
I bought this package purely for the keyboard. I wanted a new one with wireless technology and I was driven to Bluetooth just because it is so reliable. I do not use the keyboard and mouse together, however. The keyboard is one of the most comfortable keyboards I've ever used. I am a computer programmer so having a nice keyboard is essential. The pad at the bottom is very comfortable and the keys are very well spaced and organized. The only real compliant is they cut some corners with the home, end, page up, page down, and delete keys. They moved them around from the conventional way which I still haven't gotten used to but it's fine. I have experience no lag with either the mouse or the keyboard. I play a game called StepMania (a sort of Dance Dance Revolution clone for PC) which requires very accurate timing with the keyboard. I've experienced no problems here, it's spot on and probably the fastest ever. The only problem, really, is it takes a while to register if you haven't use the keyboard for a while since it must turn back on from sleep mode and reconnect. After that however, there are no problems at all. I do not use the mouse with the keyboard. I decided to use it as a mouse with my iBook since it had built-in bluetooth. I had absolutely no problems connecting the two devices and it works flawlessly. I don't use the mouse very much, but the times I do use it I experience no problems. Both the range on the mouse and the keyboard are extremely nice. I can go anywhere in my room with either the mouse or keyboard and experience no problems. The battery life on the keyboard is also very nice, esspecially since it has the built-in sleep feature. I have had to replace the batteries once since I got the unit in January of 06 (currently June of 06). I have not had to replace the mouse batteries yet, but I do not use it very much. Others complained about not being able to use the keyboard in the BIOS or startup screens, but I haven't had any issues with that. It depends on how recent your motherboard is, and mine is relatively new so I had no problems. I highly recommend this setup to anyone wanting a wireless keyboard or mouse, or if you want to split and use the mouse with a laptop and keyboard with a desktop. Either way, you cannot go wrong with this package, it is extremely excellent 
I previously owned the 1GB Lexar 40X CF card and thought that was the fastest a CF could get. I was completely wrong. This card is one fast sucker, and it can hold an enormous amount of images. In JPEG mode I am able to store over 1000 images. In RAW mode, which I'm converting to thanks to this large capacity card, I am able to hold 444 images all on my 20D!!! If your thinking of buying this card, don't hesitate. It is one awsome piece of equipment, and one heck of an investment!! 
I bought this paper after my mom gave me a box of Epson 8.5x11 paper she didn't need. I was really impressed by the quality of the pictures rendered on that paper by my printer. When the paper ran out I looked for an economical replacement and found the price of most photo papers to be prohibitive - on the order of 40 cents per page. Since you can only get 2 4x6 pics from a letter-sized sheet of paper, that comes to about 20 cents per print, not counting the cost of ink. Finally I stumbled upon this paper - Epson S041727 - and the price per print was around 12 cents, which rivals the cheapest Internet photo printing services I've found. If you print a lot of 4x6 pictures, this is a great value for a great product 
Of the various iPod cases I've tried I found this one to be the worst. The click wheel cover is impractical and annoying and the screen cover falls out all too easily. Using plastic in rubber hinges was a bad idea which simply does not work well. See my other reviews for better iPod protectors 
This GPS comes with US map on the SD card and Canada map on the included CD but never the twain shall meet. By car I'm a few hours from Canada and several days from the eastern US but I can't swap out the faraway eastern US part of the map on the TomTom Go 300 for a nearby Canadian map. It's either all Canada or all contiguous US. This is a major functional flaw if you live near the US/Canada border or live further away and like to take cross-border trips. Oh, and if you do decide to swap out the US map, be sure to save it on your computer first - TomTom doesn't bother to provide a backup on the CD so if you don't first make your own backup before changing to the Canadian map you can't later get the US map back 
Works great, good quality from Belkin as usual. Hard to beat for the money 
I'm the consumer of SanDisk USB flash drives. I have used couple of sandisk flash drives (i.e. 512MB Mini, 256MB Mini) before I bought this product. Performance wise this particular product is not doing good. It's taking long time to copy files from my computers. Even it's taking long time to delete files from this disk. So I returned to Amazon and looking for Mini products from SanDisk. I doubt all the Micro products which is having capacity more than 512MB. Now I'm planning to buy 512MB or 1GB SanDisk Mini USB flash drive. Better buy some good one than wasting your time on this product 
Have you ever heard the saying that something would cost you "an arm and a leg"? These cables cost that, your first son, and bidding rights to your estate. Don't get me wrong- Monster makes great cables. Let there be no confusion on this point. But they're just incredibly expensive, and this is made much worse with these cables. Several people have pointed out that the digital signal on HDMI cables must adhere to error-correction and certain standards (even a $10 cable cable must meet some specifications to even reach production)- and this is largely true. Unless BluRay implements new features that require new cables at some point in the future, there's really very little difference between HDMI cables. Yes, the gold-plated pins and other features will improve your connection a bit, but the improvement will be far less than you'd see between any other "cheap" versus "designer" cables on the market. But Monster cables really are made to a standard that makes some difference, and that's worth mentioning. This cable is built sturdy, so that none but the most harsh of treatment could ever damage it. And the shielding isn't just the usual electrical shielding- Monster cables are toughened to the point that I wouldn't doubt if they're certified against nuclear fallout. If you have the money to blow and you want the confidence of knowing that your entertainment center could fare well in an EMP strike, you're looking at the right cables. But for nearly all consumers, these cables cost 4x as much as alternatives, with no real plusses. At the very least, you can pick up a mid-grade cable (Sony, etc) at a mid-grade price ($40) to get the increased sturdiness and the gold-plated connections. And over these products, the Monster cables basically have nothing at all except their branding. Please do look up a cheaper alternative this time, and spend some of the extra money on an extra set of whatever tools you use to keep your screen clean. You'll get much better results with these tools than you will worrying about $100 HDMI cables 
I've been slowly making my way to the Mac side after nearly 15 years of unadulterated Windows/DOS use. The process has been slow mainly because of the price and availability of Apple products: High and Scarce. The best thing about Apple is that their customer forums are full of people like you and me, and if you have a problem, someone else has most likely had it, too. Those forums helped in my decision to purchase this monitor. I had been looking closely at the 23" monitor. When I read about a majority of the displays getting a pink tint after only a few hours of use, I realized I would either wait until Apple re-engineered the monitor, or look at other options. With the 20" Aluminum, I didn't have to look far. I wanted a monitor that would compliment my G4 laptop (Powerbook), but I didn't want to break the bank, either. The answer was turning to ebay. $600 out the door. Mint condition. Saved over $150, and the monitor works and looks great! The 20" and 30" models have had no problems. If you can buy them new, go for it. If you can buy new, but would rather spend that extra money on something else, check out the ebay auctions 
I agree with the previous review. This phone cord worked twice. Now, it only retracts about half way, and keeps getting worse. I'm returning it for a refund. Don't waste your time with this 
What a relief to find this mouse after having bought a Microsoft 6000 lazer mouse which caused my tendonitis to flare up again really bad. I had originally gotten really bad tendonitis from another Microsoft "ergonomic" mouse a year ago, which became chronic, but barely noticeable until I tried the 6000. I also tried a Logitech V200, which is a good mouse, just not nearly as comfortable as the 450. The buttons on both of these Logitech mice press down really nicely and are effortless. This was not so on the MS 6000. If you are looking for the ultimate in a mouse for a notebook, the Logitech V450 is it. My hands are fairly large, and for the $15 more than the v200, it is definitely worth it as I spend a lot of time on computers 
I recently purchased a refurbished Toshiba Gigabeat F40 for about $150. Quite a bargain for a 40-gig MP3 player. However, upon reflection, I regret the purchase. The Gigabeat hardware seems to be OK, with good sound quality etc. The major failing is with the included software. As other reviews have pointed out, the Gigabeat will only play encrypted tracks. The Gigabeat is supplied with Gigabeat Room application software to provide the necessary encryption. Gigabeat Room starts automatically when connected to the PC via the USB port. From the time the Gigabeat is connected till the Gigabeat Room application is displayed on the screen is 30 minutes. If you switch from viewing the Gigabeat file directory to the PC file directory, the application hangs. If you try to update your track library, the application hangs. I have yet to get through a single operation from beginning to end without the program hanging. Every time the Gigabeat Room hangs, you have to restart the application, with yet another 30-minute wait to resume. The file directory on the Gigabeat is usually out of sync with what is actually present on the hard drive. Microsoft Media Player version 10 may also be used to synchronize the Gigabeat. I have a 35-gig library. It took Media Player 18 hours to encrypt and copy all 8100 tracks to the Gigabeat. In short, be prepared for a maddening and time consuming experience with this player. Software that gives error messages such as "The Program Is Quitted" and with such obvious fragility may have been expected in 1986 but is absolutely unreasonable in 2006. In my estimation you would be much better off purchasing an MP3 player, even at greater cost, that can play MP3 files directly, with file maintenance provided by Windows Explorer and or Media Player. 
I can't say enough positive about Logitech mice. This device, however, was a dismal disappointment. The PC interface works well, and its knowledge of existing components seems impressive. Unfortunately, that in no way translates into a good remote interface. The ability of the unit to reliably turn on multiple components was poor, and, for those with video recorder boxes, very important functionality like the ability to access or schedule recording lists is not readily available (if its there at all, its hidden many keystrokes deeper than I care to know about). Even when reverting to manual operation of individual components, changing which device is being accessed involves two keystrokes (as opposed to just one on less complex universal remotes--a much more irritating trait than one might think). Overall, for day-to-day functionality I actually consider the barely-programmable remote that came with my Scientific Atlanta DVR vastly superior to the Harmony, which I've given up on after only a few days of forced use. Considering the ridiculous pricetag, I strongly advise you save yourself a lot of money and your relatives a lot of frustration this year by steering clear of this sad study in user interface failure 
If all you want is a carrying case that is transparent and UNABLE to use the stylus with the case closed, then this is the perfect item for you(sarcasm). The Palm Z22 Air case states that you are able to use the sylus with the case closed, this was the selling and purchasing point for this item. Problem is, this feature does not work. Affortable, but what is the point if you can not utilize the item for it's selling feature... 
I adore my nano, but this armband is one of the worst products I have ever bought. I work out quite a bit with the nano and the band comes off multiple times during my workout. The spacing of the velcro dots means I never get exactly the right fit and the band gets ripped off anytime I do weight lifting close to my body. It is also as other reviewers mentioned hugely overpriced for what it is. I am ordering a band from a different company and this will go straight to the garbage. 
Love this phone.....if only the Caller ID would work! It worked fine on day 1, day 2 worked on and off.....day 3 Caller ID not working. Tried moving the phone to different outlets, removing the batteries putting them back in, tried new wire etc.... The phone works great otherwise. Loved the Caller ID when it was working--much larger than most and easy to read. Oh well 
I purchased 2 sets of these earphones for a 2 hour flight. My husband and I both used them, and we both took them out of our ears after 20 minutes. They were great at first, but after 20 minutes they really started to hurt our ears. The inside of my ears were so sore I couldn't even adjust the earphones when they started coming out, that's how bad my ears hurt. I had the foam pad over them too, and it made no difference. I would not recommend these 
The logitech stereo usb noice cancelling headset is awesome... I never recieved the one I ordered from ANT online, but the one I bought later at walmart owns me 
SanDisk has done it again. They never seem to let me down with their products. I was in the market for another memory chip since I kept filling up my smaller 128 MB chip. The price was the deciding factor for me, as being a college student the financial situation was tight. But this product was perfect, right price, excellecnt storage space, good name. Get this product if you need more space for your digital camera 
When realtime traffic monitoring came to my city, I immediately started looking at solutions to help my wife's daily business driving (2-500 miles weekly, crisscrossing a 50-mile area through major traffic routes). I quickly settled on an automotive GPS with realtime traffic monitoring. There are not yet many choices in this area, so the options boiled down to this unit and the Garmin 2720. (These use FM radio for the traffic info; the XM-radio units like the TomTom 700 and Garmin 2730 had unacceptably high monthly costs since I don't want XM radio.) I chose the Cobra for its large screen and positive reviews in areas that were important to me. Its flawed routing ability was not a major issue as it was to be used in a well-known region. Address lookup and traffic monitoring were the primary needs. In short, I don't know much about how the Cobra performs because I was only able to use it for a few short test trips. This is because the mounting hardware is one of the most deficient pieces of engineering I have ever encountered in higher-end electronics gear: - The only mounting option is via suction cup, which in tests would adhere reliably only to nearly flat glass. A stick-on disc for attaching the suction cup is also provided, but I did not attempt to use it and would not trust it to be able to hold this heavy (1.25 pound) unit over the long run. If your vehicle does not have a flat section of windshield in a convenient location, you will have very few options for mounting this unit. - California law prohibits attaching things to the windshield, meaning that California users either need to risk a minor ticket or find an acceptable alternate mounting point. (Good luck to you: I was unable to find one in three different vehicles!) Compounding the problem is that the mount has a very limited positioning range and easily runs out of adjustment room for most potential mounting alternatives. - Cobra does not offer any other mounts or mounting accessories at all - no beanbag or friction mount, no clamp, no fixed-base mount, nothing. If there is any aftermarket option (RAM Mount, etc.) I was unable to find it. You are stuck with Cobra's proprietary mount unless you are willing to modify the unit or its mounting pieces and fabricate an adapter for a Garmin or RAM Mount base. I was *almost* willing to go the extra mile to make this unit work in my vehicle, even though the best solution would have been very awkward to dismount and remount, making it a potential theft target. The final straw was when I found that the traffic receiver was faulty and I was unable to get a reply from the manufacturer in a timely manner (two days now and counting...) Enough's enough; something was telling me that this unit wasn't the right choice. So this unit is being returned and I've already ordered a Garmin 2720 with GTM11 traffic receiver in replacement. The prices for the units through Amazon are nearly the same (especially when factoring in the costs for 15 months of traffic monitoring - the Cobra comes with three months and gets $60 per year after that, while the Garmin comes with 15 months and has the same annual cost after that - so you have to add $60 to the Cobra to get a truly equivalent price). Garmin also has excellent mounts with a range of attachment options, some of the best map and routing tools, and a long track record with GPS units. It does have a smaller screen and some complaints about the user interface, but at least I can mount it properly and be able to tuck it away and remount it easily to prevent theft. This unit gets two stars only because my brief experience with its function appears to live up to all the positive reviews - but overall, it's like a high-performance sports car with no wheels! I 100% recommend against it for California users and suggest that others try to lay hands on a sample unit to see if it can be properly mounted in your vehicle before laying out $750 
Noel Lee's Monster Cable products Inc., come up with the goods here! A cable of stunning, high resolution that snaps the picture into such clarity that you'll think you're watching scenes through a glass window and not through a television/monitor, a bold claim indeed, BUT, quite true never-the-less. I was totally unprepared for such a dramatic change for the better. This cable brings to the viewer ALL the picture, and, yes, that does mean "Warts and all"so, be prepared to see the smallest of detail, like strings and wire that enabled special effects crews to do their work "Un-seen". Who really needs HDTV when cables like Monster's MVS3-1M are this good and can bring a vastly superior standard to an existing television/monitor for only a minute fraction of the cost. Thanks Noel, well done 
This bag is fantastic,comfortable to carry, fits loads in,protects my laptop,doubles as hand luggage.No complaints at all. Best bag I've ever bought 
These mini CD-Rs work great in our Sony Mavica CD Cameras at a cost of only .42 cents apiece 
The GOOD news is that this is a full featured GPS solution that is easy to mount in the car and can navigate to contacts in your address book. Maps are detailed and the POI (Point of Interest) database is fairly extensive. The BAD news is that it all too often fails to connect via Bluetooth. Installation of software and maps is error prone (do not follow any of the 'advanced' hints in the manual - they scrambled my SD card). Only buy this product if you like puzzle solving and have a great deal of patience. If you are expecting an out of the box solution that is 100% reliable - look elsewhere. 
So, I was a little weary to buy an iTrip after hearing some mixed reviews. It seemed that a perosn either had horrible luck with theirs... or the iTrip worked perfectly. Knowing my luck, it wouldn't work for me at all. I recieved my iTrip and my luck started right away. I tossed the iTrip onto my iPod and..................... nothing. A bad omen? Well, after I exchanged my iTrip for a new one I tried it out on a short drive. I live in East Lansing, MI... and we have a very crowded FM dial. I couldn't find a completely blank station as recommended... but it didn't matter. My iTrip delivered decent sound through the station. As others have mentioned, charging your iPod while you use your FM transmitter will really help. It's not a night-and-day difference, but it's a noticeable improvement. Sure, I got some static and the occasional interference from a strong signal, but you know what? Through a good 40 minutes of driving, the majority of the time I had satisfactory sound. This was also on the weaker-signaled LX mode, not DX. Supposedly DX provides a better, stronger signal. This product is dependant on several outside factors. The reception your car gets and the availability of a clear FM channel. To rate this product poorly because of factors out of it's control is unfair. There were times when I had downright poor sound... and times where it was comparable to a tape deck. I love good, crisp sound as much as anyone does... but I'll take somewhat degraded sound over trying to find good music on the radio anyday. My recommendation after owning this product for a short time *but it has been used quite a bit already, as I do a lot of driving*, I say: If you can, buy a tape deck adaptor... but if it's not an option and you don't want to put the money into an "ipod to car" setup, this is a viable solution indeed. In my opinion, an iTrip is a better option than listening to plain, old radio. 
I got the Razor Diamondback a few months back and have been very pleased with it's performance. For gaming it's great, but I do not recommended it for everyday mousing around. The resolution on the Diamondback was the selling point for me, and if that's something your interested in you will NOT be disappointed. It's really super sensitive and has improved my accuracy quite a bit. I do have a few gripes with it's design, but with 1600dpi that can be overlooked! Oh, it looks cool when the lights are out the chameleon green paint is a trip. Design problems that I have noticed... Buttons squeak, button placement is not optimal, it's kinda small for people with big hands, programmable buttons take to much force to operate which can cause erratic mouse movement. If you have a second mouse to do your work with this makes a great gaming specific mouse, highly recommended 
I am extremely happy with this purchase and will most likely purchase another one of these, soon 
I bought this machine based on the good reviews I found here. I have had it for one month and it does nothing but jam. Now the two week return policy at the store has expired and I am left with a jamming piece o' junk. My advice - look for a different fax machine 
I was impressed with the charger for about 1 month---than it stopped charging the NiMh batteries it came with. I took it back to Best Buy only to find that ALL of the Rapid Chargers on thier shelf did not work either. A sales person and I tested them all, hoping I would be able to exchange my broken one with one that worked. It was more disappointing after calling Kodak ---they were unable to replace it or get my money back. I thought purchasing a Kodak was a smart decision, however, they did not stand behind their product which was very disappointing. 
I own a Sony DSC-S40. I had lost my Sony Memory Stick so I thought I'd try this one. I purchased it the end of June and almost every time I take a video and try to veiw it, it will play and at any point durring a video it will stop and say file error. This also causes a problem while I download them onto my pc. Only once had it done this on a picture and I ended up having to delete the picture because it wouldn't download. Sometimes it just don't pay to save money. I will never purchase this kind of Memory Stick again. 
I am very pleased with the quality of the product. I have burned about a dozen discs and have had zero coasters. After the rebate, the price was very competitive 
Be aware, the Belkin F8Z063-BLK TuneBase FM for iPod Nano is not compatible with the 2nd generation Nano. I am returning mine to Amazon, and buy a compatible one from the Apple store 
I posted a review two weeks ago, but it hasn't appeared, so I'm trying again...I bought this lock two years ago. It has always been difficult to remove. (Note: despite what some other reviewers seem to think, it does NOT have a motion detector - that's a different lock.) Recently, the lock decided to remain firmly inside my iBook, despite my efforts to remove it. After a fruitless call to Targus's customer support, I finally got it out. That took over 30 minutes of struggle. My next step was going to be purchasing a hack saw. Apparently, the Targus lock is not a good fit for iBooks. I'm going to send mine back and demand compensation. If you own an iBook, I strongly suggest you buy a lock made by someone other than Targus 
Since there are very few cases that fit iPAQ PDAs, I recommend you get this one. Depending on type of your iPAQ (1900 series vs 3000 series), you might have varying degrees of comfort trying to shove your PDA into the case. Once you're done, however, it's very easy to use and carry. It comes with a belt clip that you may or may not use. The case itself is slim enough to fit snugly in your pocket, unlike so many other cases. The obvious disadvantage is that if you drop it on a hard surface, this case won't provide much in a way of side protection (klutzes be warned). The leather feels surprisingly good, almost a lambskin kind of quality. The credit card space is not very useful, but you can shove a couple of business cards in there. A solid 4 stars until anything better becomes available 
I am an RPN devotee and have owned two other HPs going back to the original 11C. But this calculator is horribly unreliable because it seems to ignore key entries occasionally. (Although you hear and feel the click, nothing happens) Also, the keys themselves may "bust loose" and start to wobble even after little use. This is my third replacement in the last two years. Be sure and save your receipt because quality control is absent on this one. 
I'm glad that I bought the carry case with my Garmin eTrex, because it has kept it clean and easy to hold and carry. I haven't used the belt clip yet, but I liked that option 
I bought this item like 2 months ago, and now it's broken. I'm sooo frustrated. I 'd not recommend buying this item 
at first, the keyboard looked cheap and the keys were in slightly different places than normal, but after time, I got used to the layout, and found that the keys actually work surprisingly smooth. It probably helped my game a bit. The extra bit on the front of the board did break off after 2 weeks, but I didn't like using it anyway 
nice little system but only 4 ohms so doesnt handle a lot of power. Good sound for an apartment 
The sound quality is pretty darn good, except that if you pace around while talking/listening, there are these annoying clicking/scratching sounds. They are quite, and, if you stand still they go away. I've had other phones that click/scratch while pacing around, and they actually dropped some of the sound during the clicking - at least this phone doesn't do that. My 900 MHz DSS Uniden didn't have these sounds (while pacing or otherwise), and still had greater range. I don't know why the new technology can't measure up. Still though, this is the best 5.8 I've tried. (Yet I'd rather buy another 900MHz DSS if there were any on the market anymore. All of today's 900MHz are analog instead of digital.) Another annoying thing is that you can't recharge the phone with the belt clip attached, so the clip goes on and off (and on and off). (Many (cell) phones have a charger that allows this.) The plastic is a bit cheap. Don't drop this phone. My friend has one and it hasn't worked since it was dropped. (I haven't tried the bluetooth yet, and have yet to see how good the battery life is. 
The unit itself works great. Much faster transfers than using the usb cable directly to my camera. However, the software includes a "monitoring" feature, which checks every second or so, to see if you've plugged in a card. I opened up Windows Task Manager to discover that, each time it checked, it was consuming 25% of system resources (on/off each second). No wonder my computer has been slower lately, especially if I have my image editing software open (duh). My recommendation would be to skip the San Disk software and access the card reader directly from My Computer, as mentioned in another review below 
I am overall quite pleased with these headphones. The sound quality is excellent. I've not had any problems with interference, background hiss or anything of that nature. Battery life has been excellent. I have not actually ran them all the way down to see just how long they'll last, but I use them to listen to music at work for the better part of 8 hours a day and they haven't failed me yet. The only reason I would not give them 5 stars is that they can be a little uncomfortable after prolonged use. I'm not really a big fan of this "sport" style of headphone, and probably wouldn't have tried these if I hadn't gotten them on clearance. But, I found that after experimenting a little I was able to get them situated to feel pretty comfortable, even wearing them the better part of a workday 
I would highly recommend reading the BusinessWeek review on this product that came out on September 12, 2005. BusinessWeek as reviewed all the major GPS navigation options on the market and ranks the Cobra NAV ONE 4500 as number one. Here is an excerpt from the BusinessWeek article: "Cobra's NAV ONE 4500 and Garmin's StreetPilot 2720, which each sell for $800 to $1,000, use a more straightforward approach. The traffic info travels along with FM radio broadcasts from Clear Channel stations in 48 of the top 50 markets. An FM antenna and receiver pick it off the air and feed it to the navigation system." "I preferred the Cobra, mostly for its big, bright 5-inch screen and its built-in radio receiver. (The Garmin receiver is $200 extra and needs to be installed between your car antenna and radio.) When you encounter traffic, a pop-up on the screen and a voice give you three options: Keep driving, reroute me, or give me a couple of new routes and let me pick one. 
Jan 2 2006 I two ordered the "md7001 2 line phone" I thought I was getting a cordless 2 line phone. What I actually got was a 2 line handset that requires a base unit for it to work. This info should be prominently displayed in their description. 
these cds burn fine BUT they won't play in most cd players. I've tried it in two car aftermarket cd players, brand new mazda, and a brand new F1500 - they all did not read the cd. Most computers can read them, but other than that they are not very usable 
First off, these puppies sound good! However, there are things anyone intending to buy these earphones should know: The sound is loud and crisp but definetely mid-trebley, as with most in-ear headphones. The low end is there, but for full effect, it takes to position the earphones just so in your ear canal at the right volume. Since they tend to slide out of the ear canal as one moves, this sweet spot is not very wide. That said, however, I recognize the difficlulty of delivering earth shaking bass in a device this small. Most bass-rich systems utilize either massive speakers/ woofers or chambered enclosures (or both) to deliver. Since the size of this type of headphones doesn't permit for either big speakers or special chambers, maybe the thing to do is to use the human cranium as the resonating chamber! I am yet to find any in ear headphones that really deliver bass to die for. Such is the difficulty to get big bass in so compact a package. Maybe the 5 and 7 series are better in this regard (for the price they better be). So if you really need earth shaking bass in your playback, look into buying those pricey phones. The lack of such bass is the only reason i didn't give it five stars. Also, the lack of colored LEFT (blue or white) RIGHT (red) tags on the earphones make it tricky to put on for the first time. I didn't realize I had them reversed until the pain got so unbearable I just had to check. So be careful. Riding while using them can be dangerous, since the sound isolation is so great one can barely hear jets thundering overhead. Bang for the buck, ( I paid $69.99 on amazon), I really recommend these headphones to all but big bass aficionados. 
I had a Zen Vision:M but I returned it because I decided I didn't need quite that much storage capacity and the hard drive seemed to sputter and whirr too often and I wanted the peace of mind that comes with owning a flash player compared to a hard drive player, so I decided to go with the Zen V since it's interface is almost identical to that of the Zen Vision M's(which I liked). The first thing you will notice is the physical design. Initially I wasn't that impressed, but it's really grown on me. The height x width dimensions are comparitively much much smaller than the iPod nano. You can actually wrap your entire hand around the device, and the soft finish feels very nice in your hand. The second color that fills the seams of the player is a very nice touch as well. The music is organized your standard Artist-Album-Song interface that is becoming quite a bit stale in my opinion. Still, it's as simple as you can get I suppose. The device officially supports album art although it seems to be very hit-or-miss in that regard in my experience. The screen is vibrant and colorful but is very hard to see in bright sunlight. The middle joystick is used for navigation and it works very well in that regard, although wedging your thumb underneath to move upward can be tricky sometimes and result in an accidental button push. A dedicated volume control switch is found on the side and a hold switch on top. The player syncs with WMP11 via USB connection. Syncing it is a snap although I was not impressed with the transfer speeds. Also, if you sync the tracks on your player back to another computer, album art will not be attached to the music tracks. If you are a newbie to buying MP3 players make note of the different sized models. The 2GB model for instance advertises that it holds 1000 songs but these figures are theoretical maximums based on low quality files. Most of my files are mid bit-rate WMAs and I can fit about 500 songs on the player, half as much as advertised. Summary: Pros: Excellent physical design Easy to use interface Good navigation Great sound quality Cons: On-the-go playlist creation is flawed Album art support hit-or-miss Slow transfer speeds from WMP11 Accesories rarely available in brick-and-mortar stores Ultimately, I recommend the Zen V over the iPod nano mostly on the strength of it's vastly superior physical design. 
Everything your read about the picture quality is true... however, this product just isn't reliable. Cost me another $600 to get it fixed and it isn't even 18 months old. I am sure I am not alone since you can see these on that famous auction site may with similar power issues. Customer service from this company is also very poor. If I had it to do over I would not have purchased this product and I probably should not have spent the money to get it fixed. I think it will be just a matter of time before some of these 5 star reviews begin to change their tune 
I've had this controller for over a year now, and it still works great and reliably as ever. After many months, the analog sticks occasionally drifted a little, but a quick jiggle and they'd be back to center. The profiler software is excellent, allowing you to fully map the controller to your keyboard and even mouse. This allows you to play any game with the controller, even ones which don't naturally support gamepads like Splinter Cell. With the "shift" profile function, you can effectively double the number of buttons which I found great for playing a complicated flight sim like X-Wing Alliance, completely keyboard free, using only the gamepad. Only downside: The D-pad is hard to control precisely. It's difficult to press only Up, Down, Left or Right. You almost always end up pressing a diagonal direction instead. This made the D-pad more or less unusable for games like Street Fighter, but then the analog stick was a perfect alternative anyway 
Very disappointing speakers! Rip off. I returned them. 1. Satellites produce static noise even with the computer turned off. You have to press the mute button to get rid of it. 2. Extremely rumble base; not crisp. Even turned all the way down it is too prominent. Maybe good for war games. 3. Missing mid tone. Satellites sound like they are coming out off a tin can. 4. Volume is a bit underpowered. Will not knock your socks off 
I really enjoyed my Zen, when it worked. The first one I ordered I had to return becuase it would only play every other song, and after it started acting up all the lights would start blinking and I would have to take out the battery to make it stop. So, I exchanged it for a new one, and just like the other after only one week the lights started going crazy again, it would freeze up, and would only play 5 seconds of every song. What I liked about it, for the small amount of time I had it was the sound quality, the choice in colors, and the fact that it was so much cheaper than other models with the same amount of storage space. I'm not sure I would recommend it becuase of the fact that they both only worked for a few days. Now I have an Iriver Clix and have had no problems. It has less storage but I don't care, it is easier to control and I haven't had problems with it 
I had one of these a couple years ago. It worked very well for a few months. Then, all of a sudden, the left analog stick became non-responsive. It wouldn't work on any game I tried. After reading other reviews on the gamepad, I figured I just got one that was poorly made and that the analog stick problem I had was just one of those several ones that was bad. Since it was only $20, I just left it alone. Well...after going months without a gamepad, I decided to get another Logitech gamepad, the same one I had, and guess what. After literally ONE DAY, the right analog stick stuck and is completely unresponsive. So, as far as I'm concerned...they're all terrible controllers. PERIOD 
DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM. IT IS TERRIBLE. The itrip has awful reception. It isnt worth the money. Wait for something better 
I bought this headset and I must say it's a great buy. First off it's lightweight weighing in at about 16 grams. It's small which definately helps when your wearing it around. At times it's like you don't even feel liek your wearing anything. Exactly how a headset should be. I've place and recieved many calls with it already and having been using the the traditional wired headsets of the past this headset sound better and has no wires. The only problem I have found so far is that it takes some time getting used to the button placement and answering calls with the headset. Not to mention you only hear the standard ringtone rather than your custom ringtones. But that a small price to pay for such a great, inexpensive headset like this one 
Speaking from real experience, don't waste your money buying this cable which makes absolutely no difference from a cabe you can find with half or less the price. I bought a few top of the line monster cables once I got the top of the line SONY XBR960 HDTV. Later on I switched cables around, with other brand, cheaper component cables such as Philips PTS1000 (the HDMI standard owner by the way), and also other HDMI cables (even no name brands coming with my DVD player). You know what? I see absolutely no difference even under close examination. The SONY XBR960 produces the finest pitch you can find on any TV. You think about what that means. Stop buying this ridiculously priced cables, and save your $$ and buy somethinfg else on your shopping list. Digital is digital. Don't let monster mislead you that their cables produce more 11010 ... than others. 
The sound of these earbuds are great..and they are a value for the price. However the "in the ear" design causes them to catch sweat, and they won't last when you sweat into them alot. After 9-12 months of wearing them in the GYM they will stop working. I have gone through 3 pairs in the last 2 years 
We bought this product for a long car trip and the kids loved it. I've also used it and thought the sound and picture were wonderful. It was exactly what we were looking for and for a fantastic price! We are very happy 
I bought this phone for a work-at-home situation. I then discovered that the maximum number of characters I could enter into a speed dial entry (the number itself, not the name) is 24 characters. A telephone calling card number is 25 characters long, 26 if you program a pause (a space, for this phone) between the phone number and the card id/pin. When I called Polycom about it, I was told that not everyone uses calling cards. Funny. I've been issued a calling card at every company for which I've worked (going back 25 years). This is the only phone I've ever owned (well, since the 80's) into which I could not program my calling cards. Pretty basic stuff for product marketing and development people to miss. On top of that, when I try and enter the calling card number and card id by hand, it never "takes" on the first try: the network doesn't recognize the card id and pin the first time I enter them. I have to do it twice (I've tried this a number of times, and it's consistent). For that matter, the sound quality, especially through the headset (also purchased from polycom) is not that good. Of course, that could be because the headset jack is "loose." You can easily move the jack from side to side, which makes the sound quality even worse. I regret having made this purchase. I'm going to scrap it and look for a new one from a different manufacturer. The only reason I gave it one star is because the site interface here won't let me give it no stars 
I bought the Zboard and was sorely disappointed in it's playbility, efficiency and value for several reasons: -The left buttons, which are the feature of the keyboard, are based on a mirroring system. You experience keyboard lag at times because the board has to interpret the button presses based on the zboard program, then the game. I personally had to press some buttons twice, or even three times in order for that command to register. -The left buttons cannot be configured to your game, you must configure the game to it. The templates for different games cannot be modified, all it does is change the button configuration. There are no patches for configuring the keys to how you want it. -According to the website, the top buttons for media can only be used with windows media player. If you use winamp, itunes, or anything else it wont work. -You cannot program any macros into any of the buttons. If you are looking for a keyboard that can autofire or program keystrokes this isn't it. - The numpad is configured differently than a normal keyboard. This can actually be a good thing if you like having a compacted pad. I found it frustrating since I put attack commands on the numbers, and would press the wrong one sometimes because of the layout. I experienced a lot of frustration with this controller while pvping in world of warcraft. The top buttons on the left side of the board give you access to a bigger arsenal of spells and abilities when programmed right. The problem is remembering how zboard configured the button layout. I would constantly get wailed on because a button wasn't where I originally remembered it to be. This forced me to sit in the key bindings menu to configure the buttons to where I could remember. After completely revamping my bindings, I gave up, restored my defaults, and used a regular keyboard instead. There is nothing gaming enhancing about this keyboard beyond having an accessory on the left side that looks cool because the buttons are grey and red and contoured to your hand. To achieve the same effect as the zboard, turn your current keyboard slightly to the right and enjoy. 
I bought this phone at Amazon, and I am happy with it. Provides very good sound quality, comfortable navigation,address book and Caller ID.With its 5.8 GHz frequency speed, it is much better than my previous one which was Panasonic 2.4GHz and did not have light signal on handset when you have a new message. 
We recently purchased 4 of these phones and all of them work fine. The CID works perfectly for both lines. The interface/menu takes a few minutes to learn and get used to but I wouldn't call it "non-intuitive". The Redial button (as you can see in the picture) is right above the number pad. If you can't find it, you might want to buy a phone with less buttons and less features. And it's pretty simple to redial a number in the CID display... when you see/get to the number press Enter twice (Once to bring up the "MENU", and Once more to "DIAL"). In fact you can also save that number into the phone's memory through the menu (press Enter once and scroll through the options) 
I did not read the prior reviews, I bought this item loaded the software that came with it in the sealed box from Target.com. The MFG SOFTWARE disc contains TWO VIRUSES one in Quicktime the other in Totally Hip files. Target has been notified that the software is CORUPT with viruses that the MFG has gone out of business. This item is only useful as a drawing tablet thru other software programs like paint shop pro as there is no WEB SITE ACCESS or tech support available for this item 
This is a terrific phone. It has a ton of great features and the three handsets is very convenient. This is the only phone that I use now. I only keep one analog phone for power outages. If you're looking to clean up a little bit of phone clutter this is a great way to do it 
I have owned many Sony cameras in the past and am currently using two right now. The only problem I have encountered with any digital camera is that when you think you have enough memory, you run out when you need it most. That is why I upgraded all of my cameras from 256 and 512 meg memory sticks to the Sony 1 gig. Actually I carry a spare 1 gig too where ever I go. Look, when you take video with your digital camera or you use a high file size (3-6 megapixels) per picture, which you should always do to get the best possible prints made, your camera will need a ton of storage space. Especially if you are on vacation or encounter a great photo moment or maybe even something you hadn't expected like a wildfire, a plane crash, a bank robbery or maybe even a cat in the park having kittens. You can always "resize" you photos to a smaller size later when you save then to your computer if you want to save space. Trust me, take large megapixel pics now and you will be amazed at how many shots came out better that you expected. You never know. I have tons of pictures that people ask how did I ever get such good pictures of such amazing things. I have a helicopter crash, police car up a power poll, deer in downtown Oakland, house fire before the Fire Dept got there, tons of wild animals, any many more things I saw while I was driving somewhere or walking in a park. If you want great photos you have to be prepared when the moment arrives! Matching a camera with its name brand memory is also a great idea. No problems ever!! The Sony memory sticks I have from 5 to 6 years ago still work great with no problems. They make it fast and easy to transfer data from your camera to your computer. They are tiny wafer thin and extremely light weight and durable. I have first hand knowledge that products with the SONY name on it are first rate and high quality. If you want quality buy SONY 
I thought that this flash drive was above average in performance. Works well between a Macintosh and a PC. I liked the feature--missing from my last flash drive--of easily emptying the drive after use without having to some fancy erasing techniques. In other words, the PNY worked like a real hard drive. I would like the manufacuters to explain in detail how to attach the tread to the laniard. It took me a while to figure it out 
The modem works well but was very hard to set up. Much harder than an Apple Airport that I had setup previousl 
I have purchased these and other rechargeable batteries in the past. Generally I like the PowerEx batteries the best, but these Energizer batteries have really outdone the others. The seem to have the best capacity and last the longest of all the batteries I have. I have used them in my Canon S2-IS digital camera and have taken over 400 pictures during a weeklong vacation with no problems, and no recharging during the vacation 
Bought a cell phone battery that, of course, died one week past their return/refund deadline. Refused to refund or replace even though the product is CLEARLY defective. This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again. Consider yourself warned 
I have the Canon MP500 printer and Canon Rebel XT camera - both capable of producing amazing results, but paper makes a HUUUUGE diference in photo printing. I have both the Canon Photo Plus Glossy and the Photo Pro papers. If you are looking to print out very impressive photos, then I would recommend getting the 8x10 Photo Plus Glossy - definitely nice enough to frame. And with Plus glossy, you're definitely saving $ instead of paying $$$ to have professional photos done at a professional or retail store. And I even scanned a professional photo that I had done last year with my MP500 and printed using Plus Glossy, and the print is significantly better than the original. Pros: Best Value Canon has to offer. Great, great prints, my favorite paper overall. As good as Pro, and less expensive. About 55 cents per page in a 30 page pack of Pro compared to 40 cents per page in a 20 page pack of Plus. Cons: None at all so far. have not seen if photos last over time 
Even the slightest bump cause the casette to pop out and stop the CD. I will be returning this to Amazon for a refund 
I've had this for at least 8 months now. We've used it with xD, sD, Memory Stick Pro, Pro Duo(with the adapter) and a few misc. cards that friends' cameras may be using. I've never had a problem getting cards in or out, nor any problems with reading the data on them. My only possible complaint is that the cap for the usb connector doesn't stay on as well as I'd like or have a place to store it while the device is in use. Short of that, I can't place a single complaint about the unit. It has been a well spent $20 
I bought this machine on August 3, 2005 and within one week of using it (as an outgoing fax only), there was a machine error. I called customer service and after being on hold for 23 minutes I was able to speak with a live representative. I was told that the machine would need to be replaced. They sent me a REFURBISHED unit (the warranty indicates that any replacement units will be refurbished units). They sent the base unit only, so I had to remove the drum unit, paper tray, and handset from the original fax machine to use with the replacement unit. So, after only a couple of hours of using the replacement unit, I was back on hold to report another machine error. 12 minutes and I finally get a rep. Apparently, the drum unit (which is less than one month old) is bad. So now I'm waiting for the replacement drum unit. DON'T EVER BUY A BROTHER MACHINE. THEY'RE HORRIBLE MACHINES AND TRYING TO GET THROUGH TO CUSTOMER SERVICE IS VERY, VERY TIME CONSUMING 
these were not recognizable by my Sony Dual layer burner... maybe with more attempts and practice they will be 
I also was suckered in by the Monster name. I have an older Sony adapter that I've used in the past with no problems but couldn't locate it right before a road-trip, so I bought this one also. This actually sounds substantially worse than my actual cassettes (even though they're all over 10 years old). The sound is hiss-filled, very poor signal-to-noise ratio. Stay well away 
I bought this unit because a DLink Sales Rep said it would be perfect for my application. Hah! It doesn't work at all (I hope Amazon will let me return it). The first thing I had to do was upgrade the firmware - no instructions on how to do this, but for the uninitiated: you have to download the .ftp file from Dlink, move it to the Dlink Firmware folder on your computer, then get the AP Manager to see your unit (that's another story involving IP addresses - again, no help from the install documents), and then you can install the update. I finally got the DWL-2100AP to see my network, but never could get it to talk back - it just sent gibberish. The Net tech and I worked on it for most of two working days, to no avail. Spent a lot of time on the phone with the DLink tech staff too, where everyone involved said we got some bad dope from the sales staff, but that we might get it to work, provided it is compatible with the existing equipment blah, blah, blah... My assessment of Dlink and the DLINK DWL-2100AP? Poor pre-sales support, poor post-sales support, confusing tech support, and poor documentation/install instruction for a product that may be (but then again, may not be) compatible with your existing equipment. What's up DLink 
I purchased the Zen Nano four months ago. It was working then total system failure. At first I thought the battery was dead, but a new battery didn't help. The screen would flash on and then off. It will not boot up. Plugging it into the computer did no good, it could not be reconized or accessed. It goes in the trash. In addition when it was working the shuffle mode would only play some of the songs stored. Also, the output volumn was to low. I would use it while riding my bike and it needs to be loud enough to hear it over the road noise, it wasn't up to the task. Now it is landfill 
I've had my Epson 1280 for over two years now and consider it money well spent. I run exclusively on Linux (currently Gentoo) and the Linux support for this printer (using CUPS) is superb. All modes, resolutions, etc. are supported. I use this printer a lot for engineering work printing B-size (tabloid) drawings and it works great for that. Like just about every review states, this printer slurps ink like Homer Simpson slurps beer. Because I don't print many color photos this is not a problem for me--if I was doing that I'd get the Niagara system other reviewers cite. I've researched the Niagara system and it looks like a good deal for heavy users. My main complaint with this printer--and the reason why it only gets four stars--is the ease with which the heads clog up. This printer wants to be used constantly. If you let it sit for a day or two it's almost guaranteed that one or more of the jets will clog up and you'll get streaks in the output. Then you have to either press the front-panel control or, in more extreme cases, run the head-unclogging utility (on Linux I use mtink) to force the printer to 'blow out' the plugged jets. When the printer does this it blasts ink through the heads wasting even more of the pricey ink. Do this enough and the reservoir the printer blasts the ink into (a sponge-sandpaper-like thing) will overflow and cause the head to smear ink all over the paper. That's when you get out the Windex and paper towels and clean up the mess (google the web for details.) Because of this 'trait' I would not recommend this printer for casual users. Still, for B-sized printing and high-quality photos, and considering how well supported it is under Linux, there's not much else better out there 
Adorama is a terrible company to deal with. They sent me a pkg of 2 Epson ink cartridges and 270 papers. I have called several times as the ink cartridges were not the correct ones. I returned them as instructed, written 3 letters and called. This started in mid July. I called 2 weeks ago (Aug 28th and a different gal said she thought I should have my money back and would see to it. That was over 2 weeks ago and nothing since then. I would recommend that anyone should NOT order from this company 
This ain't cheap, but it's worth it. I've learned my lesson buying cheaper toner cartridges, but they don't even come close to the quality and longevity of the Brother brand. You get what you pay for.. 
Just what I expected - good quality, convenient and holds lots of musi 
Mine didn't work out of the box. Just my experience. I am taking this thing back to the store tomorrow. I returned another crappy webcam today to buy this, so you can imagine how irritated I am with the lame quality of these things 
This is my first Amazon review of any type. I was quite happy to finally get a wireless keyboard and mouse. When this was pulled from the box the finish was splotchy. It looks like someone painted the keys in a garage. I expected better. Now I have used it for a couple of weeks in an office environment, and already one of the plastic keyboard legs has broken. I am not hard on the equipment and don't know how it happened. Once in a while I press keys and nothing happens. I can live with that. On the other hand, the mouse works as expected. Before you purchase one, check the process for returning it! I would rather put up with the crappy keyboard..... I will continue to purchase many books from Amazon but my computer hardware will come from Dell. 
I bought the armband when I got my mini ipod. However, the belt clip that comes with the iPod is perfect to clip to my shorts while jogging. You don't need this large, clunky armband 
I bought one of these a few months ago. It worked perfectly with my old Thinkpad, but not long thereafter I got a Thinkpad T60, thinking, "Hey, universal means universal, of course it will work". But no: SIX MONTHS after the T60 was introduced, Kensington STILL hasn't gotten their act together to produce a "SmartTip" for it. They haven't even added Lenovo to the list of manufacturers on their web site! All Customer Service can say is that they don't have one, they don't know when or if they ever will, and they suggest that I check back on the website someday if I still hold out any hope. So, I have a $100 brick on my hands. Very disappointing, Kensington. It's really too bad: the unit is lightweight, sleek, and functional, and (unlike some reviewrs) I think the 5-inch cord was brilliant (and it doesn't get tangled up in my briefcase). The cables are much nicer than on my 70-watt iGo supply, and the connectors don't break like they did on the iGo. And it's not like there's some technical problem: the T60 needs 20 volts, 90 watts, well within the 24-volt, 120-watt capability of this unit. However, six months delay in supporting a major business computer brand is just unforgivable, so I can no longer recommend it 
The only thing this item is good for is charging your ipod. The transmitter is so weak all you hear is static buzz with muffled music in the background. Don't waste your money. And, don't expect any help from the manufacturer who refuses to answer emails or accept a warranty return. 
Yes, I burned them in for at least 25 hours. They sounded muddy. Smooth as caramel, but veiled. The bass was heavy and indistinct. The high frequencies were not clean, and not abundant. Having listened to Stax headphones for years and years, I know I got used to a superclean, almost clinical sound. But still I cannot believe how completely different the HD600s were. I borrowed these from a friend, who bought them new and had hardly used them. Frankly, I get more pleasure listening with my Sony MDR-W20G sports headphones that I bought for less than $10. I am at a loss to understand the glowing reviews. I would love to hear a headphone that sounds as wonderful as people are describing. But the one I heard did not. Not even after break-in. Never would I consider one of these phones without auditioning them. Perhaps I truly heard a rare, defective unit. But if so, both drivers were defective, because they sounded the same. 
These cables are super with my new DVD player. There is absolutely no interference from my other home theater equipment. The picture is soo clear, and vivid. The cables themselves are really made well, they could hold up 100 pounds of weight no doubt. If you get these Monster cables you won't be sorry 
This was the worst purchase of any type of computer hardware that I have ever made. It felt very light and flimsy, the definition of cheap plastic. Not just the construction but the performance was terrible. It would work perfectly for about a half hour and then go on a break and do NOTHING for about 10 minutes. This was very very frustrating. Maybe I was just unlucky and received a defective one, but I wouldn't take that chance again. I wish I could give this device a worse rating, somewhere around -4 would be much more appropriate. 
nicely designed leather case w/ belt clip. i bought this for my hp hx2415. pockets good for SD memory cards. belt clip hooks very tightly to belt, so you don't have to worry about dropping pda. 
I contacted D-Link support and they verified that this product was tested and worked with a very minimum number of popular USB printers (I believe the number was around 30-40). The D-Link DP-G321 Wireless Print server did not work with any of the 3 USB printers I owned (Lexmark Z320, HP PSC 1250, HP Photosmart 7310). It worked okay with my one parallel HP Laserjet 1100 and I was able to connect it to my network and install the print server, but it was not at all compatible with my printers which was key. It this product was more compatible, I would have rated it 4 stars, because the installation was very easy and almost worry-free, plus it was very sensitive to the wireless radio waves i.e. it sensed my secured wireless network when other print server could not in that same location. I returned the D-Link and bought instead a Linksys WPS54GU2 print server that worked with all of my printers, but it was not as sensitive as the D-Link DP-G321, so I had to move my printers and print server closer to my wireless access point 
Someone previously pointed out that these earphones did not filter out the highs well. It may be the highs all I know is the only thing it seems to filter well is my wife and kids voices and allow in every other ambiant noise around. Now I may have gotten a lemon but the sound is poor. Volume cranked to high on any device I put this on comes out low at best. Put in any other set of earphones and it is painfully loud. The little inline triangle that has the on/off switch is cumbersome and is at a strange distance from the earphones. Just seems to far from the earphones or not far enough. Just doesn't seem to clip naturally anywhere. Either to much cord or not enough. I am not a music or sound expert by any means so it does not bode well that I think these earphones are poor at best 
As soon as I bought this from Amazon, the price went up from $21 to $ 37. I was going to buy another one, but the price is too high. Overall, this is a great product it has everything you need. However, I wouldn't buy it at the current price, I'm waiting for the price to go down before I buy another one 
The sound is really great, but there is one problem with this headphones they keep falling from my ears no matter what rubber caps (they come with 3 different sizes) I used. The design flaw makes them unusable for me 
...to really take advandage of this. Installation was super easy, although I ran into the TI thing like another reviewer. Oh well. Not much more I can say about this product; it works and that's all that really matters 
Not a particularly easy lock to use (combo part rotates freely when not in computer, making it difficult to set the combo). Also changing combo is very easy to do accidently. However this is usually not a problem because it is incredibly easy to figure out the combo. I am not a professional lock picker, and I am able to break the combo without any difficulty (which is a problem with many low quality combo locks, but this design try to avoid it at all). I've noticed a lot of people have a problem with the lock "spontaneously" changing combinations. It's probably not because the lock is defective. It's probably because they inadvertently changed the combination because the mechanism to change it is so easy to engage. I would definitely never suggest this product to anyone (unless I really wanted their computer) 
It is remarkable that, even though there are hundreds of iPod cases in existence, none of them are near-perfect. I tried four different cases, both hard plastic and silicone variants, and the iskin case comes the closest, protecting the ipod but at the same time not rendering the ipod less enjoyable to use. The case is basically a hybrid of hard plastic and soft silicone. The ipod first slips into a silicone sleeve, which covers every part of the ipod except for the earphone plug and the screen. In addition, there is a hard plastic plate that is then inserted into seems on the front of the silicone case, and this provides the screen protection. Due to the double-seam in the silicone, the plastic plate never comes in contact with the ipod, so you don't have to worry about it scratching. The case even has a flap that covers the dock connector, preventing dust from entering, yet you can still use the universal dock without removing the case. The most unique part of this case is that it covers the clickwheel, but the silicone is so thin that it hardly impedes the scrolling. Actually, I think it provides just enough resistance so that you will overshoot your target much less than with the bare clickwheel. The only real downside I found with the iskin is the clip that comes with it--I would not trust it at all, so I took it off. It would be nice to have a better clip that you can actually use, and it would be really great to have an armband available for it as well, but as I said above, I have yet to find a perfect ipod case. Like most silicone cases, this one does also attract lint in your pockets, etc., but it is not as bad as other cases. Unfortunately, even though this is a great case, it is not readily available. I couldn't find it in any store, and Amazon only sells it through Marketplace sellers. I ordered from Applelinks, and they delivered it to me in four days. Whatever you do, don't order from the iSkin company directly. I have heard countless horror stories of people waiting a month for their cases. They should re-dedicate themselves to manufacturing these great iskins and let others worry about selling them 
I purchased this in the hope that I would be able to record verbal messages to myself, creative thoughts and ideas, etc. It does an adequate job of that. I had also hoped I could use it as a simple player, to download affirmations and such to listen to throughout the day. This it won't do, and it was not clear to me from the information here and on the Olympus site that it would not function this way. First, even though it records wav files, it does not let you handle them well at all. To transfer recordings to your computer, you have to install special software (included), but you cannot transfer wav files back to the recorder (according to the software guide). If you want a recorder/player to function easily like that, you should go for the more expensive ones that allow you to use them as a USB flash drive (like the Creative Zen series). I did not install the software, as it offered nothing other than the simple transfer of a recording to my computer. I can record directly to the PC with much higher quality, so why bother? Noise recorded in a high quality format is still noise. It makes more sense to simply repeat anything I record on the Olympus and record it directly to the PC. Second, the sound quality is not great. Given that wav files are what are used on CDs, one would expect more than what this device delivers. It is noisy on either of the mic settings, and I would have to describe the sound quality as medium. Don't expect high fidelity. This is a voice recorder for recording quick notes and not much else. Even analog tape would be better for most things. I may be fussier than most about this, having some professional background in audio, so the sound quality may be okay for most people. People have gotten used to lower standards in just about everything. Finally, playback was very disappointing to me. It has only the simplest playback features. It plays, pauses, fast forwards, and reverses, period. You cannot repeat either a single recording or portion of one, and you cannot create any kind of list to specify only certain files to play. It plays (manually) one recording at a time and that is it. You cannot set markers to fast forward or reverse to (like chapters on a DVD), and searching through a recording of any length is a major pain. In fact, this recorder is defined more by what it cannot do than what it can do. It is well built physically, although it is definitely designed for small hands, and can be a bit uncomfortable to use if your hands aren't small. If all you want is to record medium quality voice, this will work fine. Don't expect it to record music or anything like that - you will be disappointed. Think of it as the audio version of a $20 digital camera. Cheap, quick, grabs the image, but no frills at all. Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed. I am usually very happy with Olympus gear, but this is definitely below their usual standard. Unless your needs are very spartan and smple, I would recommend looking at more capable devices 
Bought this all-in-one printer and the install disc was bad. Prints test page every time I turn it on. Won't print. Jobs get stuck and cannot cancel. Spoke with customer service for 1.5 hours! Yes, that long. They would not refund me and told me that I should have did a better job researching their products. They got that right. All I could get was a refurbished replacement that also performs like crap. HP has lost a customer forever, and I am making it my mission to share with everyone how terrible they are with products and customer service. Canon, meet your next customer 
I think this product design concept is great. I love the flexibe arm size. It fits great in my car. The CRAPPY part. I live near metro st. louis and i could not hold a signal ANYWHERE! I always had some intereference. whether it was fuzz or the signal going in and out. This product did not meet my expectations, especially since the back of the package states I should have crystal clear sound. This is not true. I have returned this product after little success over the first week of purchase. I am now waiting to get my DLO transpod 2 in the mail to try it out. I want something to work! 
I love the new nanos. I don't think I have anything bad to say about it besides it not having a radio. It is small and very thin. You barely feel it in your pocket, which might annoy some people but not me. I'd rather get this than any Zen products or Sandisk Sansas because it looks way better and it way thinner. The screen is really bright with the full color display. The new earbuds are A LOT more comfortable than the old ones. The new ones aren't as bulky and actually fit in my small ears with out them slipping out. I don't know why people hate the sound of the earbuds but they are certainly loud and good enough for me! The new color coating is scratch resistant, but not the click wheel and the Apple symbol. But you don't notice the scratches on the white parts. The longer battery life is twice as long as the first generation nano, 24 hours! The new 4 GB color nanos are the same price as the 2 GB of the 2nd gen nanos. I'm so happy I waited after the 1st gen nanos came out. I would never get the 1st gen nanos now since they scratch easily, have a dark screen, and have a short battery life. The new nanos are great deals and great gifts. I recommend this mp3 player to anyone that wants a good, reliable, scratch resistant, cool looking music player! 5/5 star 
I purchased the Monster Cable MP HTS 1000 without reading the reviews,(which I don't usually do) for the simple reason of where I purchased my hdtv, Samsung HLS-5687w they were trying to sell me but for a $150, which was too much. I plugged in my equipment to the monster and at first there was no picture only sound. I have directv and they have a connection which allows you to receive digital and analog signals through the same cable. That connection needs to be placed after the monster in the connection loop. After switching around the cables I had a picture again. I can't really see an improvement in the picture quality (HD is beautiful) I bought the monster basically for the protection 
Heaven help you if you want to use this with the FM remote -- a very common usage at heath clubs which provide TV rebroadcasts over FM. The FM remote connects to the iPod via a large plug on the left hand side. The armband provides a small circular hole on the right hand side, but no means of connecting the large FM remote plug 
fast and reliable..well worth the mone 
I repartitioned the disk so I have a Macintosh partition and a Windows partition. I back up both my Mac and my PC to this disk. It is fast and easy to use 
I agree that these cables are way too expensive!! However that being said, they really do perform well. I have been using them for almost a year and they are just solid. Colors always look their best. I know it was a silly purchase but my DVD's look great. 
Avoid this product at all costs!!! I should've listened to the other reviews but NOOOO, I just had to see it for myself. This product worked (barely) for 2 weeks then just totally died. In the short time that it worked, the sound quality was just horrible. No matter what free channel you play it on. I have a good 40 mile drive one way (not city or metropolitan driving) and in that span, I'll have to switch channels between 3 to 5 times. Kudos to Amazon's hassle free return policy, I was able to return it and get the Belkin TuneBase FM which I highly recommend 
I had the previous version also. It is so far the best webcam I ever owned. Don't even bother to compare it with cheap creative ones. The frame rate and picture quality is awesome. Works in very low light conditions and has great software which can even make gieco or alien out of you. They keep on working for years. My old one "Quickcam for notebooks Pro" still a champion after use of 3 years now. I got bored and gave it to my uncle. And boy he loves it too. Newer one as mentioned by other reviewers holds much better. Do I sound Like a logitech sales person? Well I must admit that I am very happy with their webcams. Amazon offers get price and you should get it. One more thing. It's features outweighs its small size :). My Parents back in other part of world can see even tiny things in my room which they shouldn't :). 
While the silicon used in the construction of the sleeve is very nice (feels grippy but not sticky if you know what I mean), some of the features are just wrong. For instance, the opening for the hold switch on top was apparently cut wrong and does not line up with the switch at all - requiring you to have to push the cover around so you can flip the hold on or off. Also, for whatever reason, the edge of the sleeve is right at the headphone jack which causes it to be somewhat difficult to keep some headphones seated during use (the sleeve can work its way in and pop the jack out). The armband is satisfactory at best - it's just a standard, no frills, velcro armband 
I bought this item about two months ago and was happy as can be. No more equipment in the tv room! About two weeks ago though, I noticed that the unit was slower and slower and I had to hit buttons repeatedly to get things done. It has eventually gotten to the point that it does not work at all. At first I thought it was batteries in the remote, so I replaced those a few times. Then I thought the placement of the IR transmitter was off, so I moved it closer to my AV rack. That worked at first, but the problem persisted so I reprogrammed, but to no avail. Eventually I narrowed it down to the remote unit. Even with the remote RIGHT NEXT TO THE IR Transmitter, it now does not work most of the time. Of course the real problem now is that all my av stuff is in a different room, so standard IR remotes (why do they even make those still????) are out of the question. I will be moving onto something else and keep my fingers crossed. Along the way I learned a few other things...other reviewers are right in that the memory gets eaten up quickly when you have to program the unit (which I do with a new LG DVD player). In theory, this is a great unit and the remote is very good when it comes to commands. In practice, however, all it did was make me hungry for an RF system that will work more consistently. 
I'm using the product as I respond to this request for a review. Sufficiently compact for ease of packing in my laptop case. No technical issues (so far). Tracking is excellent. Has worked flawlessly under daily working conditions. Recommend highly 
After purchasing my Canon ZR-90 this summer, and using the four pack of TDK tapes ABC Warehouse gave me with the camcorder, I went online and found these tapes and bought two ten packs due to the great price and the JVC name. They have only done one thing, clogged up my video head on the camcorder. I videotape my sons basketball games for their coaches and it was only after the first couple of games and bad recordings that I got onto Canon's website and realized my video head was clogged. I purchased a head cleaner and the first tape after the cleaning taped great, but the next tape clogged my head up, so to use these tapes, I highly recommend you clean your video head after EACH use, which is not good for your video head on your camcorder 
Agree with the reviewer who called this a 'Perfect Product'. It is. a) Take it out of box b) Plug it in c) You're networked Elapsed time - approximate 15 seconds. Compared to the pain I went through trying to get my SlingBox working with a Linksys game adapter, installing SlingLink renewed my faith in technology. Awesome 
I tried all the rubber vinyl plugs that came with the E3C's, but they all had the shortcoming of not effectively sealing the ear canal making bass very poor, and they were uncomfortable. The yellow foam plugs are easy to use and work just like the ear foams many people use in industrial applications. They effectively seal the ear canal and are very comfortable. Although they seem a bit expensive I've found that once they get dirty you can use water and a bit of dish detergent to clean them. Just soak, squeeze, rinse and let them air dry and they are as good as new. You can do this three or four times, then just toss them away. Highly recommended 
The phone worked for a month or two, and then the handset stopped seeing the base. When I followed the instructions in the manual to fix this (re-register the handset to the base), neither could see each other. The base still gets the land-line signal and works with speakerphone, but that is useless to me since I need the handset. When I contacted Uniden through their email support, I got no response. I will be buying another phone that is not a Uniden 
The GPS works in both my Dell Axim X5 and in my HP Compaq nc6000 with a compact flash adapter card. I have used it with MS Streets and Trips and ArcPad 
I got this for hubby and me over the summer. We used it for our trip to Rehoboth beach and we loved every minute of it. WE have a tape deck in the car and used it w/ a cassette adaptor. We had not problems whatsoever, in fact it sounds much better thru the cassette adaptor than over the fm transmitter. I did try it thru the fm transmitter and it was a pain to switch from one station to the next, but i don't think anybody can improve upon that. I had the same problem w/ my itrip. We chose sirius for several reasons...i liked the classic vinyl station, my dad introduced me to that and hubby likes nascar and this is switching over in 2007. The only problem i had was i couldn't read the red lettering in the daylight w/ the sunglasses on, but i didn't give them less than 5 stars because of this. this is the way to go, plus it has a suction mount, not a permanent mount. also, if you look on ebay, someone is selling something to adapt your mount to the bolt on your car seat!! definitely go satellite, the music is great and little/ no commercials depending on the stations. 
I got this base and added 6 TCX805 handsets to it. The whole setup works great. I got this base because it supports bluetooth through to my cell phone. That features works well, there's a slightly longer pause as it connects through to the cell phone but that's trivial. I will say this, you need to keep your cell phone within about 20' of this base. I just take mine off, turn on Bluetooth and it automagically pairs up with the base. So if you want the cell dialing feature and like the more traditional upright handset, get this base and expand it with other handsets. 
Got this antenna from my wife for my birthday; to go with my Roadmate 760 I just purchased.. The antenna we received was the AT-65 antenna. Instead of the large round antenna in the picture it was a small rectangular antenna (1 inch x 1 1/2 inch) with no indication that it was an actual Magellan antenna, on the unit itself. The package had a Magellan cardboard insert but this was definitely not the antenna pictured 
I ordered the Passport X50 from Amazon to save the $18 shipping Escort Radar was charging. I was told by someone at Escort Radar that Amazon was an authorized reseller. After having my detector on for ten minutes (right out of the box), it did three "SELF CAL"s, then said "SERVICE REQUIRED". I called Escort Radar and was told "If you let the car power up the unit when you start the car, the voltage can be all over the place and the unit gets confused. You must first start the car, and then use the thumbwheel to turn on the detector." It makes some sense, but if this is really the case, why don't they put those instructions in their manual? After trying this many times, the unit was "still confused", so I returned it for a replacement. My second detector worked for maybe thirty minutes before the same thing happened. This time Escort Radar told me "if you leave it plugged into the cigarette lighter over night, this has been found to cause problems." Well my lighter power goes off when I turn off the ignition, so this doesn't apply. Escort Radar also told me that "excessive heat" has been causing them problems. Now we have had a few days of 100 heat, and I'm sure the car gets hotter parked in the sun, but the design engineers should have accounted for these conditions plus some margin when you design something that is supposed to work in a car. It gets a lot hotter in other parts of the country. There are no warnings in the manual about not using it above 90 or leaving it off in a hot car. You wouldn't design a ski that doesn't work below 35, would you??? The most troubling part of my conversation with Escort Radar service department was they told me Amazon is not an authorized reseller, and they have no idea where they are getting the units from. Furthermore, they will not honor any warranty nor will they ever repair the unit, not even for money. 
These are really great. Super noise cancelling. Affordable. They cover my ears completely without problem. At first, the headset was a bit tight, so I stretched the top headband upwards a little to relax or slightly loosen it. No more problem, while still having a snug fit. These headphones also fold up very compact, have two plug adapters and a nice durable sack for storage. If you buy these, just make sure they fit well for your ears. If so, these are great; if not, try another type. Like all things that touch the body, it is best to try at a local store, before you buy it. This is the lowest price I have seen for this product. 
If you go through a lot of AAA batteries, this is one of the best deals on the market, short of investing in a recharging unit and a couple of rechargeable batteries. A very good value 
The Memorex DVD+R 16x discs are great. I have a LaCie external 16x burner that I use with my mac and I have not yet burned a bad disc. I would reccommend this product to anyone looking for lots of media for a good price 
I have been using these for a while now and they seem pretty good to me. (disclaimer: I am not an audio professional, nor do I have any expensive headphones to compare with.) They have great detail in both low and high end. In fact, I can hear things in some of my music that I never noticed before in either my small speakers or in the several foam on-ear style or earbud styles. This is good when listening to original CDs, or HQ mp3/AAC, but it did reveal some audio glitches and artifacts in lower quality mp3 that I had just not heard before... I tested these with a frequency response program on my Mac, show as having 25-15,600 Hz (in my ears, your ears may vary...) . This range is better than most of my other inexpensive headphones and earbuds. They do a good job of blocking out external noises-- great if you are in a bit of a noisy space. And, yes, they were a bit tight on the head initially. To fix that, I got a stack of cd/dvd cases that was a bit wider than my head and allowed these headphones to be expanded by them for several overnight stretches (pun intended). This has helped too lessen the pressure they put on my ears and head to the point that they are now OK to wear for long periods. NOTE: this procedure is at your own risk, as I do not think it is officially endorsed by the mfg. ;-) Do not overstretch them, as the headband material, while flexible, undoubtedly has limits to the stretch it can take. Great Bargain Headphones 
I was hesitant to get this, since other reviewers gave it poor ratings on reception. Now that I bought it, I'm very glad I have it. It does all the things you might want in a disaster, inluding a flashlight, red flashing light (especially if your car breaks down at night), a siren (if you're trapped in a building), AC, battery, and crank power, and multiple radio bands. While some reviewers complained of not getting a lot of stations, in a disaster, you only need a few stations, as everyone will be broadcasting disaster news. Between the AM, FM, TV, and NOAA bands, my radio will received a huge number of stations--many more than would ever be needed in a disaster. (I didn't try the cellphone charging function.) It comes in a carrying case. Only minor criticisms: The case seems like an afterthought: it doesn't hold the AC adapter; the knobs tend to turn the radio on when putting it in the case, and the knobs could get broken off if the case is hit (not that protective). However, it comes in a strong box which is perhaps better storage for everything. Overall, this is all you should need for light, siren, and broadcast information from multiple power sources in a disaster 
I'd really like to know how I listen to the radio at night and have it shut off in an hour and then have the alarm go off when I need it. I thought that's what a radio was supposed to do 
I've had this camera replaced by Linksys 4 times. The first time, was due to the camera crashing on a weekly basis. The second replacement worked fine until I upgraded my router and switched from WEP to WPA. After the switch the camera would not connect to the router, switching back to WEP, of course worked. Linksys has replaced the camera 3 times for this issue, and with the last support call confirmed that there is a KNOWN problem with WPA encryption and this camera 
Stay away from vonage! I have had it for several months, and have been trying to cancel it. I have been put on hold a MINUMUM of 45 minutes to and HOUR each time, and then transferred to someone ELSE who then does the bait and switch AGAIN. When you go to their web site, the only thing you can get is their custumer service number, which takes you RIGHT BACK to the same old nonsense. I need to cancel because of a military deployment, and all I'm getting is a run around...the same thing happened with AOL, but this is EVEN WORSE. There are tons of blogs out now about how VONAGE SUCKS...check them out. It's no wonder this company is tanking, their customer service is the absolute WORST!!!!!!!! I hope they read this.... they really need to change!! 
I bought this for my 5g Ipod. I drive a late model Subaru with the lighter switch inside of the ashtray console. Firstly the transmitter was completely dangerous to operate while driving. Its impossible to use in Park and Neutral in my car. The controls are bulky. The transmission cut out in mountains, on hills, and on the highway whenever I drove over 60mph resulting in my ipod starting and stopping because it shakes and wobbles in the console. In short, it hardly worked and I was afraid to touch it while driving, lest I'd knock my gear shift out of place. Its cheaply made and all in all a complete piece of junk. This is hands down the worst IPOD FM transmitter I have ever used. I've previously used a basic Kensington all in one model (stolen by wife, worked well but awkward) and ended up replacing this with a far superior Griffin Road Trip. I reccommend spending the extra $15 on the Road Trip. 
I purchased the Coby CA-739 Wireless FM Transmitter and was horrified by how each of its pre-programmed frequencies were major Denver Area Radio Stations or had high amounts of static. The transmitter was noisy and weak. I sent it back and took a restocking fee hit plus I had to pay for the return postage. I purchased the I-River which allows you to program your own frequencies. Low noise. High quality. Much better.... 
I had a game that would not even play on the xbox because it was so scratched. After using the Game Dr. It works perfectly. It is like i bought a brand new game. The Game Dr. was pretty easy to use too 
If you buy this service plan, print out the contract (found at the top of this page) and keep your receipt. I did not purchase the plan, but looked over the contract intensely since I nearly got it. Some notes on the contract: 1. It is only good in the United States (including Washington, DC, but MINUS MAINE), but it does not include Guam, Virgin Islands, etc. So if you are in another country or outside the 50 states + D.C., this contract will be nothing but a waste of money. 2. This contract is transferable and the directions to do so are simple. 3. They will only fix/replace/etc IF the manufacturing warranty no longer covers the item. That is, if the manu. warranty is still good, you have to use it. 4. If the item needs to be shipped, shipping/handling will only be covered if the manufacturer would cover those costs in their warranty period. If the item is being replaced, "You will be responsible for the delivery or cost of delivery of the covered Product to Our authorized service center. Reimbursement will be issued in the form of a check payable to You." I'm uncertain if that means you cover those costs or they reimburse you. 5. No lemon policy of 3 service repairs for the SAME defect, and a upon the time of a 4th repair, as determined by them, they will "replace it with a product of comparable performance. Repairs performed while the Product is under manufacturer's warranty DO NOT APPLY." (Doesn't sound like a great no lemon policy... your product would have to breakdown in the same way 4 times in the number of years they cover you -- many electronics are typically already covered by the manufacturer for 1 year.) 6. There are numerous conditions that they will not repair for, but they all sound typical of such plans (such as, they don't cover accidents and they don't cover "the elements or acts of God" ... sorry, I had to note that second one since it stuck out to me from the other things). But, in all seriousness, read the list before you purchase. So, now that I have summarized much of the contract, if you want to get the service warranty, PLEASE READ THE CONTRACT SINCE I DIDN'T COVER EVERYTHING!!! (Don't hold me liable since I don't have much money anyways.) Also, I think this is typical in warranty contracts, but you will occassionally see the phrase "at our discretion" in the contract. Assuming they aren't jerks with their discretion and aren't too tough to deal with, I would give the warranty 4 stars (minus 1 star for the crappy lemon policy). I didn't get the coverage because the product I was going to get it for had just made into the next price category (so it was pricy for my product, being at the lower price end of the scale) 
Este estuche lo compr para mi iPaq hx2415 y es muy cmodo de llevar porque no es grande y adems el equipo se mantiene seguro por el diseo que tiene 
This is one of the best wireless phones I've had -- good call quality, good speakerphone quality and good range 
I purchased this answering machine with the intention of expanding the quantity of phones to cover the entire house. To start, I bought only one additional phone. I'll buy the rest later. So far I am very pleased. The sound quality is excellent and there are numerous bonus features that I have found very useful. Like the talking caller ID and being able to screen messages from any of the phones. I also like being able to program a phone directory into one phone and transfering (download) a single entry or the entire list to the other phones. And each phone is also a speaker phone and a full intercom. You can name the phones for the rooms they will occupy which will help when you use the intercom to call a specific room. So you would page the "Living Rm" rather than phone #3, etc. If you have caller ID, you can program special rings and special call ID colors for the callers in your phone directory but that information must be programmed into each phone. It doesn't transfer when you download the directory to the other phones. Also, on another Panasonic wireless phone that I own, the incoming call displayed the name I had programmed into the phone directory. Just like your cell phone will say "home", etc. On this phone, the caller ID displays the telephone company info only. I think the phone is great, I just wanted to clarify some points that are not crystal clear in the literature. 
I bought this Ipod 4G to replace my 2G one that got stolen and chose more memory as the 2G got filled up too quickly. Can say that this is probably the best size in terms of memory. Otherwise, as usual with Macs, very easy to use, even for low-tech people like myself, beautiful design, small and light, not too fragile, just great on the go 
I had one that worked for a year that came with the original phone. Then, I just ordered this one from Amazon and it worked for 30 days. Like other reviews you see here, people started not being able to hear me, but I could hear them. So the microphone broke. But, I called Uniden tech support and they recommended I replace the battery on the phone for $37. So, I just ordered a new phone and tested the headset -- sure enough it wasn't the phone -- it was the headset. A costly mistake. I would not buy this headset again. Also, Amazon has a 30 day return policy, so if it breaks, make sure you return it within that 30 days or you are stuck with it 
I bought this router and spent almost two hours online with Linksys. After trying every sort of suggestion and speaking with three different tech support people who barely spoke English I finally understood that Linksys has "limited support for Macs." When I asked what "limited support" means, I was told "we are not trained to help people with a Mac. If you can borrow a windows PC we can help you". What a waste of time. I am sending the router back. Beware if you have a Mac 
I have some decent mics in my cabinet, as well as a nice preamp, A/D converter and fire wire interface for my home multitracking setup. I wasn't expecting as good or better quality than I can already get, but I hoped the Samson C01B USB Studio Condenser would at least give me a decent sound. The idea was to have freedom and portablility that my studio set up prohibits. I was not disappointed. Installation was no more complicated that plugging the cable into a USB port on my laptop running XP and the other end into the mic. It is far from the best mic I have, but it is certainly not the worst. I have read reviews that say the recording quality is too thin, but I found that not to be the case. The noise floor when recording with the Samson is a little high, and it is lacking in headroom compared to any traditional mic through my Millenia preamp. I have to record at slightly lower levels than I am used to, but for $79, I am not complaining. There is no significant latency recording 16 bits at 44100hz in Fasoft N-Track Studio. The ability to plug this thing in and record at a whim is quite liberating. Way to go, Samson 
This screen is great. Upgraded from a 23" and the increase in realestate is awesome. You can play games with crystal clarity; have so many pages up and read them clearly. You will need a graphics card that supports Dual-link DVI, not a card that says dual DVI. I installed the GeForce 7800 GT on my PC and it works flawlessly! The Quadro cards are great, but big $$$. The 7800GT can be had for under $300! Here's a list of cards for PC and Apple: NVIDIA Geforce 6800Ultra DDL AGP for Powermac G5 NVIDIA Geforce 6800GT DDL AGP for Powermac G5 NVIDIA Geforce 6600 PCI Express for Powermac G5(PCI Express) NVIDIA Geforce 7800GT PCI Express for Powermac G5(PCI Express) NVIDIA QuadroFX 4500 PCI Express for Powermac G5(PCI Express) For the PC Windows platform, the following graphic cards support the Apple 30" Cinema Display: NVIDIA QuadroFX 2000 NVIDIA QuadroFX 3000 NVIDIA QuadroFX 3400 NVIDIA QuadroFX 3450 NVIDIA QuadroFX 4000 NVIDIA QuadroFX 4400 NVIDIA QuadroFX 4500 NVIDIA Geforce 7800GT NVIDIA Geforce 7800GTX NVIDIA Geforce 7800GTX 512 
I picked these speakers up because the price was right and they sounded great in the store. But I get them home to my quiet house and lo and behold the subwoofer constantly hums. I'm not an audiophile and therefore not overly particular about sound... other than this annoying hum from the subwoofer. Since these are set up in my home office where I spend a lot of time reading, I find this humming far too distracting. Although the price is good, I'd prefer to pay a little more just to omit the subwoofer's constant hum. I'm returning these speakers today and will shop around for another set 
We signed up with Vonage a couple of months ago. Setting up the D-Link adapter was a snap and I had a dial tone quickly. After several days, my line was ported and I thought everthing was ok. That was until I tried calling my dad several times and he just hung up on me. I heard his side clearly, but all he heard was static. Others complained about our connection too. Vonage support helped me change a few things on my account to take care of those problems. However, I still have not been able to use my computer modem to fax. I have tried multiple tips to get it to work, and still no luck. Calling Vonage's tech support is horrible. Long wait to talk with someone who doesn't speak good English nor has a clue about what to do with your problems. The worst part is that Vonage makes you sign up for a contract. If it wasn't for that, people would flee in droves. I think it will get better, but it has a way to g 
This is my second purchase of these speakers.They provide great sound especially for the price.My kids use them with their computers and Ipods.I recommend them to everyone 
This SD would not work in my Nikon Coolpix S6 camera (but the Fuji and Sandisk product did 
This unit works very well and we are very pleased with it. Nice construction, good sound quality on both ends. We're concerned about battery life as in # of recharges before performance decreases, but no indication right now that is an issue. I would have give the product 5 stars if it had been cheaper. This class of device is overpriced in general. Amazon's price was very good, but overall still seems over priced. I would definately buy another from Amazon as these are 25% more at other places. 
A short review... Don't buy this product. The wire is too long and the remote control is too heavy for the jack to hold. After a month of the remote and wire hanging and swinging about, the wire where it's connected at the jack gave out making this remote unuseable; I have to jiggle and find the sweet spot now just to make the remote work. Long wires plus a remote adds considerable stress and weight on the jack...a serious design flaw. If you want to buy this, I suggest you tie the wire and the remote using a rubber band around your IPOD to support it's weight without pulling the wire off the connector 
First time I heard these I was floored by the output. Nice high, mid and low bass sounds no matter what you have going thru them be it music, games or movies. Definately worth the low low price... First person WWII shooter games like Call of Duty sound awesome with these speaker 
I bought these discs at CompUSA because I needed a few before I got the ones I ordered online. Well, I just wated a good 25 bucks because out of 5 discs, I got one that burned good. Not much bang for the buck. I have burned many discs but never Memorex, usually Verbatim or Ridata or MAM. Very disgruntled with these discs making coasters. Maybe my burners don't like them but whatever the case, I won't buy them ever again. I thought Memorex made good products 
We had such high hopes for this product and sadly had to return it. Only 20 feet away from the base unit, the clarity was very, very poor. We've owned many regular cordless phones of varying quality and price-points, yet the least expensive of these were better than this... they just weren't waterproof. It's a great concept if they could just make them work well. Sure wish we could find a good waterproof phone!! 
I cannot review this item since I have not received it so far at the shipping address I gave Amazon when I did the purchase. I bought four items, and I only got two of them by mail. What happened to the other two items? -KOSS Stereo In Ear Ear Plugs - The Spark Plug (Purchased on 09/15/2006) -Apple iPod USB Travel Kit with Car Charger, Travel Adapter Cable (Purchased on 09/15/2006) WHO KNOWS.. 
You'd think that a Palm screen protector from Palm would be best in class. However, these Palm "premium" screen protectors have a lifespan of about 3-4 days at best. I'm very careful with my new Palm TX, yet under normal use the stylus easily scratches the screen protector to such an extent that the device no longer accurately recognizes stylus input. I also dislike having to cut the screen protectors to size. I've tried an Invisible Shield screen protector, and it was tough as nails; the problem was that installation was difficult, and the tacky surface also produced input errors. Next I'm trying a Boxwave ClearTouch. I never had this sort of problem with the old Fellowes WriteRight protector, which lasted a year or more on my old Palm m130 
The DVD burner connected very easily through USB, was immediately recognized by WinXP, the software installation was fine. I was beginning to feel good. However, whenever I burned a DVD (I tried 4 different brands, some R, some RW etc...), several files would contain errors, and would be completely unreadable. The burning process moreover does not detect this: one needs to verify the data written to check and find these errors. Moreover, the firmware update just does not work on my machine, pardon, machineS. Completely standard Dell machines, all latest WinXP and drivers, good CPUs (3Ghz and up), lots of memory, big hard-drives. I called customer service to try to solve the problem. First of all the average waiting time to get to a technician was about 30 minutes. The rudeness and the plain lies these guys give you are amazing. To make a long story short, I had to call 3 times. First guy: oh, "of course it doesn't work, you have EasyCD creator installed!". Ok, I buy it, I go through the (painful) uninstallation process of Roxio's software. No problems solved. Second guy: "Oh, of course it does not work, it requires 10Gb of free hard-drive space! It's written on the box". Plain lie: on the box it says you need 10Gb for NeroVision (for burning videos), but only 1Gb for Nero. Quarrel (they are tough!) with the guy who could not care less about the fact I got him lying, or that the product description is wrong. Ok, patiently I freed up 10Gb from hard drive, try again, exactly same problem. The only thing they could offer in the end was a replacement. I got perhaps relative lucky because the replacement will be a 720, not a 710, since 710 is not manufactured anymore (wonder why?). Notice I tried this on two different machines (one laptop and one desktop), with identical results. Other lie: I noticed, as somebody else here, that the Nero software provided writes only on Sony drives: so if Nero is really the only software that should be installed because of conflicts with Roxio (et al.?), you will never be able to use your own CD drive to burn CDs. How ridicolous is that???? The technician said this is because I had both software(s) installed, but that was another lie. The incompetence of these guys is beyond belief. If the new drive will not work, I hopefully will get a refund through my credit card. You know, the technician even said that that is not possible, credit cards companies do not do that (LOL) 
Please search for the thread on the linksys support forum titled "BEFSR41 v4 intermittent drop of connection" which goes on for 4 pages with no reply from linksys support, I'd post a URL but that is against the review guidelines here at amazon. The only way to fix the problems that occur with this router is to buy a different model or better yet a different brand. It appears that Linksys doesn't really care about the issue. I returned this router after the second day of dealing with it's constant connection drops and bought a Belkin instead. 
It looks sexy, but it just doesn't work. The scroll pad is so finicky I wanted to throw it out the window after the first hour. About half the time it moves the cursor when you want to scroll, or it scrolls when you want to move the cursor. The other half the time, it does nothing no matter what part of the pad you touch or how hard or lightly you press. Also beware that if you return this just because you're not satisfied with how it works, Amazon will charge you for both outgoing and return postage! (I've giving it one star out of pity, and because it does look sharp. 
i have so for used inav iguidance,mapopolis,navigon navigator 5 and The Blue Logger Street Atlas USA .out of all these The Blue Logger Street Atlas USA is the worst and inav iguidance 2.1.1 is the best .blue logger gps hardware is good but v impractical to use bcuz of its strange onoff button.... i will not recommend it to anyone....simply waste of time and mone 
Bought 100 DVD blanks - so far every one a coaster. Never had this kind of problems with any type of discs. Tried different software and burn speeds but nothing good. Very disappointed - at least they were cheap (...). 
Works good for me. Some time one can hear some interference but over all a pretty good product 
There is a little story before this: I bought a pair of Sony MDR-XD100's (they are full cup headphones) because I lost the earbuds which came with my mp3 player (Sony HD5). I took them out of the package and found that, even at full volume on the player, it cannot drive the headphones sufficently. I went to a few electronics stores then found the KOSS EQ50. On with the review: Yes, there is a slight hiss, but I find it alright. The biggest gripe I have is that whenever someone within about 2-3 ft (IE, on a bus or subway) uses a cellphone, this devices picks it up. You can get the same effect by using a cellphone next to an unshielded pair or speakers. I do most of my listening at home so this won't bo too much of an issue. It also does a great job of amplifying the signal, it works very well, I can now listen to my XD100's properly (and they are very good!). I haven't used the EQ much but what I can say is that it is very, very sensitive. Raising the bass slider a third above normal makes a massive difference. At a half, my headphones start to distort. If your looking for a nice little EQ and/or preamp this is the product for you. It has its drawbacks though, mainly the problem with cellphone interference and of course, the hiss but it isn't too loud I can live with it. I reccomend this product if your looking for a budget portable equalizer or headphone amplifer 
This headphone extension is perfect! It is not as long as described (about 15 feet) but that's O.K. with me. The connections are tight (the plugs don't pull apart). It maintains sonic quality. It also retains it's elasticity. Using this extension cord my Grado SR-60's sound better than any wireless phones. You won't be dissapointed! 
Agree with the prior reviewers. I can not get it to retract any longer and that was only after 3 uses! 
This phone has excellent voice quality, including in conference mode. The only reasons it doesn't get 5 stars from me is that : a) it is unable to operate if there is a power outage - as opposed to perhaps just losing some of its functionality . Just make sure it isn't the only phone in your home. b) there is a bug which occasionnally renders it unable to operate. I can't figure out what causes it. It may be my cats that walk on it at night and press a weird sequence wit their paws :). The only cure I have found is to pull the power plug, which reboots it 
Don't let the reviews fool you. At this price, it's worth a little research. Apparently U3 is annoying a lot of people and the people at U3 have created an uninstall download for you to get. So Google it, download it, and buy the USB drive. The size of this USB drive and the fact that you'll never have to worry about losing the cap along with an excellent price make it worth buying. After you uninstall the U3 software, it works like any other drive. It works great, it just takes you ten minutes of a little extra work. I'm very satisfied so far and have carried audio, video, and a lot, lot more on a drive the size of a pen cap. Brilliant... 
I purchased the Kensington after my casette adapter developed an annoying wheel noise. I heard and read a lot about the problems with FM transmitters, like static and audio quality but the Kensington was the best rated unit. It arrived the day before I had to take a business trip and thought it would be a great test. The first day I used it, it seemed to work great. The next day on my return trip home, all I got was static and could barely hear the music from my iPod. I tried every station I could find with little or no transmission on it, but the audio quality remained extremely poor. I am not sure if there are just too many stations broadcasting in the NYC metro area or this particular unit is defective, but since my car has a casette player I will go with casette adapter for now. If you have lots of unused frequencies, it might work in your area. Just be sure you can return it if it doesn't work out for you. 
I am looking for a system to replace a Siemens 8825. The 8825 has, in my opinion, the best set of functions of anything currently available but I have some reliability issues with it. I first tried the Motorola 7081 and found that unsatisfactory. My next attempt was the Panasonic KX-TG6700B. This phone has decent volume and clarity at the base. The handset has good clarity and range but the volume could use a little help. The base layout is ok but the way you turn on the answering machine at the base is silly. The handset feels light and chintzy. The clarity of the outgoing messages on the answering machine is poor. The base is ugly; what were they thinking? Anyway, it ok, not wonderful. But since I couldn't get the answering machine to save messages on either line (it's defective) I sent it back. Back to the drawing board 
Again, Creative Labs has combined all you need into one package: line in jack, usb port, fm antenna, and even a jack for a sub-woofer! for a small portable speaker, this system gets pretty loud and clear. The stereo effect button works great, the design is very stylish and the remote is a nice finishing touch. now for the cons;like most reviewers,i too, have to say the bass is lacking a bit, and the stand has a bit of trouble holding the speakers up due to small rubber feet that doesnt grip very well. and the last thing is the speakers itself doesnt have any grill or guard on it and it looks like it could be damaged easily, but these are minor things i can overlook and all in all for the price, this speaker system is very good. i tried the Altec Lansing portable speakers for the same price and i returned it the next day. it didnt even get half as loud without distortion and it didnt have as many cool features either. right now, im using the speakers with the zen nano plus and it works great! im saving up for the zen micro now and if it sounds good with the nano, then i know the TravelDock will sound amazing with the micro that it was intended for. one more thing, if your going to use the line-in cable for a device other than the zen micro, be sure to insert the BLACK end of the cable into the device your want to play and the WHITE end into the speakers line-in jack. i read a reviewer who said the speakers sounded tinny like a transistor radio and its because she had the wrong ends of the cable attached. i did it myself and i figured it out. unlike the reviewer who returned the speakers before taking the time to learn how to use it before returning it and giving it a bad review. I love these speakers and i even use them for my t.v and they sound great for that too 
When I purchased this product I was a little sceptical, however, once I unpacked it and started using it, it was so absolutely easy to use, and the pictures have such a fine quality, and you can insert 4 different sizes of memory cards in addition to computer connection. So, I see it as a win/win product. The only draw back is the weight and size. I just do not regret this purchase with the price an added bonus as wel 
This laser version tracks much better on odd surfaces compared to the Logitech V200 I have. The Setpoint software allows you to use Setpoint's mouse sensativity independent of the touchpad settings. Finally!!! I dont have to change mouse sensativities when I unplug it. The Setpoint sensativity is an offset to window's sensativity setting for the touchpad. So basically, set your touchpad sensativity first, then adjust the Setpoint sensativity. They will be work just the way you want everytime you unplug/plug the mouse and going back and forth between touchpad and mouse. Perfect product 
The SanDisk SDSDH-1024-901 is absoultely worth the extra money if you love to take many pictures without worrying about how many pictures are left for you to take. It is great to use with mini-videos if your camera has this feature 
I recently bought an altec lancing headset for $20 and it was the worst headset investment I've made. Horrible support for the ears and very uncomfortable to wear and they eventually broke within a week or two. So I bought this headset and I have been quite pleased with it. The mic output is extremely crisp. While talking with clients they said that it sounds like I'm talking on the telephone with them or better. They are very comfortable and rest on the top of your head unlike many headsets like my prior pair which have a support on the back of the neck which does nothing. All in all a good headset. 
These are great earbuds. I have alswys used Sony DJ headphones in the past, and these are the first pair of buds I have purchased - I am impressed. For the money, the sound quality is very good - full and well rounded with good bass and the treble is not too bright. They are pretty comfortable in the ears, but it does take a little getting used to. The cord is rather thin and very flexible, but seems to be sturdy enough for most use. The included 'case' is a little tough to figure out, but could be good for keeping them clean in a purse or backpack. Definitely recommended 
I bought four of these and returned them immediately. Two were dead out of the box. A third had horrible sound. After searching the internet and reading a variety of reviews for similar products I finally settled on the 900 Megahertz Wireless Intercom from Radio Shack. (43-3102) Beautiful sound. Well made and about half the price of the Reporter. Pretty much the same featues but it only claims a range of 300 feet as opposed to 1000 feet. So if you need more than 300 feet for range it's something to consider. Better warranty than the Reporter as well and for 8 bucks you can extend that warrarnty for another year. Anyway I couldn't be happier with the RS intercom. I just can't recommend the Reporters given that 3 out of 4 units that arrived were faulty 
Phone seemed nice but I bought it to hang on a wall and it wouldn't due to manufacturing. 
Do not buy. This may be the worst product I've ever bought. It has never worked properly. I've kept fresh batteries in it, but it's still no good. Within 10 feet of the laptop, I'll click three or four times and nothing happens. Then, I'll click and the slides go in fast forward until the end. It's quite embarrassing to be giving a professional presentation and have this happen. Awful product. Believe the bad reviews. It's worse than they describe. The only positive thing I can say about the product is that it doubles nicely as a cat toy. My cat loves the laser pointer 
Great buy for a wonderful speaker system. Works beautifully with my MAC Mini for great sound. Would not hesitate to purchase again. Great contemporary look on my desk. So easy to turn the volume up or down either from my screen or the subtle touch control on the Creature. I highly recommend 
I love the functionality of this armband. The problem is that it keeps breaking. The place at which the band loops through the holder keeps breaking.. I'm on my second one and it is almost ready for another replacement.. 
Received this speaker as a replacement for the Advent AW-810 which did not work at all. This one was much easier to install and calibrate! Very happy with range and sound quality. Highly recommended 
It certainly did. Excellent color qualit 
I bought these Ear Headphones primarily to use when running and biking at the club. The sound quality is acceptable, not exceptional. The construction is a little flimsy and the big issue is that the cord is shorter for the left ear than the right. That places all the force on the left side and that one tends to pull out. I have no idea why Sony thought that this was a good design. For the money they could also have included a case rather than a clip for the cord. I would give these a B- good/not great 
I decided to upgrade my laptop with the wpc54gs from the wpc54g. I did this because the "g" card would randomly disconnect when the WEP or WPA security was activated. Living in a home near about 6 other networks I really wanted the router and wireless network secured. So, I purchased this card to see if it would fix my problem. I can happily say it solved the random disconnect with WPA security turned on. The range is just fine and all my network connections seem solid. Have not had a disconnect yet, over the last 5 hours. The reason I took away one star is the fact on the Wireless Network Monitor V2.1 there seems to be a flaw. When I connect to the network and internet the monitor says it is hooked to the network but unable to find the internet. Obvious by my submission of this review, the internet can be found and used. All in all a good product that functions just fine in my A45-S121 Toshiba laptop. Phil (Mesa, AZ 
These speakers are awesome for the price. They charge your ipod even when the unit is off. The sound quality is great for around 50 bucks. I bought these for traveling and they are small enough to fit in a suitcase without taking up too much room. They also stack so they don't take up much counter space. I can't say enough about the sound quality. They are great 
A good stuff at great price and as usual Amazon was fast to send the item 
+Built very sturdy, with no flimsy plastic parts +Fits right into the palm of your hand, though it may be a bit thick +Music quality and screen clarity is superb, superior to other counterparts. +Easy to use software. +FM radio and voice recorder is a definite plus! -Controls takes getting used to -Can't listem to music while viewing pictures. Definitely a great buy. You will not be disappointed 
Small, convenient and classy. I love the Netgear Wi-Fi phone. Yes, it isn't perfect, but due to the uplink with Skype, they can update the software in the phone. I'm hoping they will be able to make the phone more compatible with Starbucks and hotel wi-fi. That would make the phone perfect. In the meanwhile, I'm enjoying making phone calls all hours of the day to my friends round the world 
I have many Linksys devices and this is by far the worst one. I love Linksys stuff, which is why eveything that i own involving networking is linksis. But this thing is a piece of crap and now i cant recover the 60 gigs of personal pictures that were on my hardrive because of this things format. Spend a little more money and get a dedicated Network Attached Storage hard drive 
I have always run all of my media through my pc and my former speaker set (a Midiland 5.1 system) was thoroughly aged and falling apart I decided it was time to upgrade. I wanted something that had incredible sound with both music and dvd's. I shopped around and came to the conclusion I would aim for the form factor speakers. When considering this bose system, this MUST be taken into account. First off, this system is expensive. For just under 1000 dollars (doesn't 999 sound sooo much better than 1g?) you get 5 bi-directional midrange speakers, the subwoofer unit, and speaker cable. At this price it is very disappointing that bose does not include some sort of receiver, but no matter this leaves room for the customer to customize his/her choice to suit any personal needs and/or budget. Bose includes 3 colors (white, silver, black) and all the speakers are well packaged and aesthetically pleasing with the exception of the sub unit (a large rectangular box meant to save space but does not). What brought me to look into this system was the specific size of the speakers and there general attractiveness. For their size the bose do a very good job of reproducing any sound-granted they are paired with a competent receiver. Anyone who has any qualms about this system should first consider what they are running their sound through, without competent equipment these speakers will not be on par with what you heard in the store. Once I got the system home it was very easy to set up and install. Bose packages the speakers with clear instructions and all of the wires are meant to be hidden and include markings as to what speakers they belong to-a very handy feature especially when one is trying to hide this system. The only serious issue I have with this system ended up being with my receiver (an Onkyo) and not related at all with the speakers. Since I do run this through my computer (presently a laptop) I had a few troubles setting up a new sound card and getting it too mesh with my receiver, but when that was all said and done, I was extremely please with the system. With a bose the tweaking one needs to do is very minimal and thus why this deserves the higher price tag-its target audience is usually those more affluent and unable to spend hours tweaking individual speaker levels and sound ranges. My test soundtracks included: Gladiator, Matrix (II or III), Snatch, and music tracks ranging from techno, rock, classical, and alternative. Everything sounded great with enough low, high, and midrange response. The second complaint I have with this system is not differentiating in the least between any of the satellites. I found myself turning the response on the center channel up so the front speakers weren't drowning out the voices. That was solved with a little tweaking so nothing major there. All in all this speaker system is a great investment in my mind satisfying all of my needs (though draining my bank account) and providing me with great surround sound. Good: Great range and volume of sound. Easy set-up. Well built speakers-aesthetically and physically. No interference or feedback. Bad: Subwoofer awkward, no dedicated center channel, pricey, no included receiver. For their size these speakers more than compete with any full-blown tower 5.1 system. Here is one satisfied customer 
I just purchased one of these and was a little sceptical after reading some of the reviews that stated how difficult it was to load the information into the unit. I had no problem at all. In fact it was quite simple. I am truly amazed at how acurate and easy to use this unit is. For the price, you can't beat it 
The V200 is another great Logitech product. It is far from the king of the mouse, but when it comes to the notebook it doesn't get much better than this. It takes two AA batteries (so get some rechargeable batteries to save on costs) which slide into the top of the mouse by pulling back on the palm rest to reveal two slots. The mouse doesn't weigh too much heavier than the two mouse batteries themselves. This is a two button mouse with a tilt wheel. With the setpoint software you can alter what the buttons do. Overall the design is good. There could be a problem installing setpoint. It may hang on install. If so you need to use the task manager to quit the install and then try it again. It should work. The USB receiver is 2.4 GHz and has a 10 Meter range. Wow. However there is one major problem with a wireless mouse for a notebook. USB dongles and receivers that are plugged into the side of the laptop are just begging to be snapped off. For this reason you should have the USB receiver on the side opposite the mouse hand, if you can, to avoid accidental contact. It should also not be hanging over the edge of the table. If you press it down lightly, then that is it, game over for the receiver and you will have to get a new 2.4 GHz receiver. So okay you will have to spend on a new receiver, if you break the old one. The receiver plugs into a small slot under the mouse using a magnet. When it is in the holder the mouse turns off. It doesn't fit in smoothly. It creates a block shape in the bottom of the mouse. Anyway you are not going to be using it when it is clipped in. The other thing is that it can pop out sometimes. Just happens if the mouse just gets knocked a certain way. I am sure most notebook users are cautious with their notebooks and devices. If you are then a mouse like this and USB should last for a very long time. There is really nothing wrong with it. Wireless mini mouse. FAB! However there is one last thing to say. If you don't like the idea of a USB receiver then GET A BLUETOOTH VERSION OF THIS MOUSE INSTEAD. It is called the V270. That is if your notebook has internal Bluetooth or else you will need to get a Bluetooth USB receiver and be in the same boat when it comes to watching your USB receivers. But if you have a Bluetooth internal receiver with your notebook then by all means head over to the V270 and forget about this USB option. The USB design isn't a fault with the mouse; it is just a fault with all notebooks that is not really a fault. You just got to switch to internal Bluetooth or learn to take care of your receivers. 
I bought These earbuds for the first time 3 years ago for $15 now u can get them for under $10 They last more than six months of hard wear and tear before they need replacing awsome i've been using them for a long time and don't plan on changin 
I liked this when I first got it... very cheap, handy to travel with or leave at work, etc. After a couple months, it died completely... the little power light wouldn't even come on. I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work. 
I bought the TDK Mojo 256 about a year and 3 months ago. It worked wonderfully for the first year - did what it was supposed to and the radio quality was great. Then I upgraded to Windows XP and that's when everything started going wrong. This MP3 player needs propreitary software to copy files from your hard disk or CD to the mp3 player. Unfortunately the software doesn't work well at all with XP. Right now, my player is piece of junk. I have tried copying files which it shows as copied but then when you reconnect the player, they don't show up on there. What's more, formatting the internal memory will also not release the space and so I have the internal memory full but it shows up in the software as free. However, it won't copy over any new files and gives me a "Storage Full" error. It doesn't act reliably with XP either and I had to unplug and replug several times for it to even read the list of songs on the mp3. It lasted all of 15 months. While it sounds like a great deal ( good features for price ). DO NOT buy this if you will be using it with XP and if you do, please don't expect it to last more than 12-15 months 
I bought one of these. It worked OK about three months and then just quit. I do not recommend for anyone else 
It is a great idea, with a few qualifiers. I have found that the forward and reverse buttons don't function for my video ipod or for my niece's nano (maybe it would for a non-apple mp3 player?). I have to pair the device to the Ipod every time I turn it on. The bluetooth transponder will drain the ipod's battery even though it has it's own battery. Sound quality is decent. 
two of these jewel cases equal the size of a regular cd case. buy them and conserve space. there great 
Confusing light display (looking in the manual) told me there was a paper jam after printing three pages. There is no jam. There is nothing stuck in the printer. Sending it back now. I do not have time to troubleshoot a new printer that fails to work properly after three pages. (Maybe you won't have time either!) I am very tech savvy and have checked the manual. The device simply is defective. I also noted that the top lid that folds down for packing to travel seems very flimsy. It's hard to imagine it would not break in time, and since it's the paper feeder, you'd be out of luck. I'd recommend something else 
Short answer: The microphone volume on this is set too low relative to the speaker volume, and cannot be adjusted independently--either through the device or at the O/S level. I spoke with tech support, and they said this was to keep the echo-cancellation software from having issues. So as a speakerphone, this device is useless. I'd have given it one star, but the rest of the device is actually very well designed, easy to setup, and so on. 
I was wondering if anyone knew if this hub would work for linking Xbox's together so you can have more than 4 people play at once. I know that I could link 2 with a crossover cable but I want to link 4 together so that I can have a gigantic 16 player Halo match (It's a very popular Xbox game for those who don't know 
I searched Amazon.com for a multi-region DVD player so I could view DVDs that I have purchased overseas. This DVD player came up. There are no instructions within the packaging that state how to watch Non-region 1 DVDs. I called the manufacturer and they told me how to "rigg" it to play region 2 DVDs. Also, the remote control did not work from the very beginning and the manufacturer said I would need to pay money to replace it. They also let me know that the DVD player will not work without the remote control (not compatible with universal remotes). This is not a good product 
I do not recommend Sennheiser's MX75 headphones. First, the good features: 1. As with all Sennheiser products, these earphones deliver first rate sound for its price range. 2. The earphones are very comfortable and easy to fit properly using the included pads. 3. Once inserted in the ear, these earphones will not fall out due to vibration, movement or sweating. However, the cord has ugly problems: 1. The cord is unusually stiff and consequently tends to be tough to manage. This is especially true when the phones are first removed from the package, as the cord maintains a sort of corkscrew shape for quite some time. 2. The cord running to the right earphone is substantially longer than the one connecting to the left earphone. The result is annoying slack around the face and neck. 3. The cord is the ugliest possible shade of green. All in all, should Sennheiser offer a new product using the same earphones, but with conventional wiring, I'll be a buyer. Until then, I've given up on using these lime green annoyances 
I have read all 181 reviews and decided that half the reviewers did not get the model that I did. Or else they wrote their review too soon. I bought mine in June 2006. It failed before the store warranty ran out. One down. The replacement lasted a month or two before it hung and wouldn't boot. Two down. Sandisk honored their 1 year warranty with a prompt free RMA. That one also failed. Three down. They replaced it with both a m230 AND a 2GB c150. The c150 hung after about 2 weeks. Four down. I have been using the m230 for two weeks now and hope it lasts until the c150 replacement arrives. I have gotten quite good at the RMA game and intend to keep playing it either until my warranty runs out or I get one of those that other people rave about. I don't think I'll buy another SanDisk - unless it is free and has a lifetime warranty. I suggest that everyone with a failed m230 to exercise thier warranty rights. Sandisk needs to know the true reliability of their products. 
Most people buy a UPS, plug it in and never test it to make sure it works. I tested this device a number of times to make sure the software would at least shutdown the computer after an outage. I set it to shutdown Windows after 1 minute. Only the computer and a few small phone accessories are attached to it. After power was cut, it held the computer up and allowed it to shut down. Then I restored power to the UPS. AFter about 30 seconds, it beeped, clicked, and temporarily DROPPED power to the computer while it was rebooting! So when it switches back from battery power it causes power to be interrupted. That is unacceptable. A UPS should never drop power to the attached devices after power is restored to it. 
I PURCHASED 2 CARDS FOR ABOUT us$ 42 FOR MY psp they work Ok. I had other sandisk products and dont have any complaints. Best of all these cards came with the Adapter Memory Stick Pro duo to Memory Stick. So I could use it with my videocamera. Its nice when one company starts addresing the multiple formats problems. 
Unfortunately the item didn't work. The company offered to replace it but I just decided to pay more and buy locally 
Isolation: I had to use the foam inserts because the plastic ones were a little too large for my ears. With the foam, it completely sealed my ear canal and blocked out most noise. My commute home on the J train (light-rail) was quite silent. I was listening to classical music for the first time on the train. With earbuds, I had to put the volume level around 50%. With the Sony MDR-EX71 model, I could to keep it around 40%. The noise attenuation wasn't that good with the Sony model, but definitely better than earbuds (but the sound quality was quite terrible though.) Sound Quality: Superb sound. The partnership with Etymotic Research is evident. Everything sounded great: rock, grunge, classical. The Sonys sounded really muddy while these had a really bright sound with good bass (when the seal was good). Very balanced sound. Cord/Construction: I string my earphones through an REI One jacket, so this was more or less perfect length. The cord is symmetric so it's not weirdly strung behind your neck like the Sonys, and the connection to the ear pieces is solid, not fragile-looking like the ER6. The earphones connect to the replaceable eartips very tightly. The included case is ridiculous though; it's way too bulky for portability. Comfort/Fit: Sadly, this is primary reason I'm returning these. Both the flanged rubber tips and the included foam tips were too big. The foam models got the seal, but they were too big, so I felt an uncomfortable amount of pressure in my ear canals. Those were my only two options with the included package. The other problem is that I cannot find replacements that are smaller, anywhere on the web, including the Altec Lansing site. Documentation: Another reason I am returning these is the documentation. The manual says that I can get replacement ear tips and accessories at alteclansing.com/inmotionearphones, and I get a 404 error when I visit the link. That is pretty pathetic. Update: (1/19/2006)I emailed Altec Lansing regarding this issue on 1/10/2006, and I have yet to get a response from them. Bottom Line: If you have large ears, these may suit you. But if you know that you have smaller ears, then stay away from these, and go for something else 
the product arrive to me in very good condition, will recommend this product to anyone who needs blank cd 
This is the best lock you can find for laptops, but I am still not very confident with it. It looks flimpsy but better than others 
It worked okay for about a month and then froze up one day when I was running. I popped out the battery so it would turn off and when I turned it back on it had deleted all of the songs. 
There is absolutely nothing that we don't like about these Panasonic phones. The sound quality is excellent as is the range. Very happy customers 
I have owned five of these UPS units over the past four years. I purchased three for my Mac and PC at home. Then I had to purchase two replacements for units that simply quit. Currently only ONE still works! I have very infrequent power outages, perhaps three in the past four years. These units work well to allow you to save your work and shut down. My G5 mac was so power hungry that I had to use one for the computer and another for the 23 inch LCD. I can't comment on other UPS brands such as Belkin, but I have seen many competing brands on the web and at the computer stores. There seen to be quite a few dealers selling refurbished APC products but this may be a reflection of APC's popularity rather than the poor reliability of their brand. My experience over the past four years has been mixed. These are not inexpensive units and you have to decide how precious your data becomes. If you really fear the loss of data during a blackout then the answer is clear. I chose to switch to high quality surge suppressors and never work during potential storms. Many users do not have that flexibility so a UPS is essential insurance. The units I puchased were identical and only one unit is still operational after four years. I can accept the need to replace the battery every one to two years; three of the batteries failed and alarms beeped until I bought new batteries. Prices vary from $15 to $50 depending on the vendor. Battery life depends on many factors so I don't begrudge APC for wear and tear on the battery but to have 4 out of 5 units simply stop working is unacceptable. I bought APC branded batteries and can't explain why the recurrent failures. I'm frustated with my APC products but it may be a problem with this model. Just beware of the hidden costs of battery replacement when purchasing an UPS 
Essentially once TomTom has your money they're finished with you . . . until you want to spend more money with them. The product is okay. The map data is from TeleAtlas, a vendor to many of the map software producers. What makes TomTom different is its GUI (Graphic User Interface) that the user interacts with. It really is a work of art most of the time. The map presentations are rich and may be viewed as 3D or 2D. The planning interface is icon driven and easy-to-use. Unfortunately TomTom really didn't think it all the way through. There are several irritants, all of which vie for first place. One is that TomTom doesn't give you the option of using its maps without a GPS. There are many instances where I know where I am begining from and going to and I don't need a GPS fix. TomTom ignores such desires and annoyingly keeps prompting for you to start your Bluetooth connection. There is one mode that you can use to plan a route without a GPS and it simply doesn't work very well, often informing you that TomTom can't route you from a point beginning on an interstate to another point further along the same highway. That's just plain dumb. This is a mapping application. If I want to use these expensive maps for walking directions without a GPS, I should be able to. TomTom certainly doesn't think so. Another irritant is the documentation. Probably in an effort to make TomTom appealing to the casual user, the documentation is dog simple . . . and often wrong. It appears that they didn't update the documentation to the newest version. Although you can load maps by region, TomTom makes no allowance for travelling from one region to another. You have to calculate your route to the ending point within one region and then begin it anew in the next region. Again, this strikes me as a silly omission. If you are in Wisconsin, which is one region, and drive to Minnesota, which is in another, you have to create two routes. Not bright. There are a number of idiosyncracies, anomalies and bugs that drive me up a wall. However, overall, TomTom is still better than the competition. It computes routes quickly (when it is capable of figuring a route at all). Annoying, however, it tends to prefer expressways, regardless of your preferences. In a major metro area laced with expressways going in all directions, this can create some incredibly convoluted - and ridiculous - routes. Creating alternative and more logical routes is possible, but tedious. The worst part of the TomTom experience is its customer support. Well, perhaps support is the wrong word for it. I encountered two problems installing the software. It was obviously that the tech support person was clueless and was simply guessing and grasping at straws. (I had resolved the issues before the rep called and already knew what the problem was.) The TomTom rep didn't listen, kept interrupting and when it was pointed out that he was contradicting the manual, he just kept moving. (The manual in at least one instance was correct and the rep wrong.) The TomTom packaging itself arrived in broken condition. The rep denied it was their packaging, claiming that I must have bought a third-party repackaged product. Talk about insulting: I have the package in front of me with the TomTom labels, the whole works and this guy is telling me that my lying eyes are deceiving me? A fax to TomTom management about my experiences has gone unanswered more than a week later. TomTom is riding high right now but I suspect in a couple of years as competitors introduce better products with better support that TomTom will be history. It won't be the first company that offered a good-enough product without support and possesing contempt for its customers to disappear and it won't be the last. I know that if I find a marginally better product with adequate support, I'd abandon TomTom in a flash. Jerr 
I purchase two of these phones to add to our base unit. Very easy set up. Quality product 
Unfortunately, I too received a switched item (at-65)in a sealed Magellan box today. Jennifer in Customer service assured me that they will refund the purchase and that they will investigate the stock they have. She was very apologetic and helpful. I will see what happens but am thankful that she was there to help 
I first isntalled this to WinXP 2nd ED and all of a sudden I am getting blue screens and the system keeps rebooting over and over. I uninstall and the problem goes away. Coincidence? I will let you decide. I reinstalled the adaptor and it gets very very hot.. reminds me of my notebook that overheats and shuts down. I cant get a connection to my router. I have my notebook im typing on now connected right next to the adaptor desktop and get a signal just fine with my notebook. I will be sending this back 
1. Buttons are too small, some of which are not spaced apart very well (very convenient for somebody waking up who can accidentally hit the wrong button). 2. Buttons are labeled, organized, and layed out confusingly. For example, why not have an "alarm interface" which would include all of the alarm modes and features, and maybe a "radio interface" which would include all of the radio functions/settings. You would really understand how confusing this is if you were to actually go through the process of operating this alarm clock. But really, don't do it, make the smart choice. 3. Too many features/modes. I understand some people prefer all of the different features, but I wanted a simple alarm clock with a buzzer/radio, and clock. Of course all of these special modes are set as the default, so it is a pain to try and configure all of the settings to a simple mode. So for those who want a simple alarm clock, definitely DO NOT GET THIS!! 4. The button handling event is flawed. For example, sometimes when I push a button, it does not handle the event (the device doesn't think that you pressed the button). So I would have to press the button again and check to see if the radio handled the button input correctly. 5. It is very slow when holding the button down and waiting for the alarm clock to increment up and down. 6. Radio reception is very poor. I have another radio right next to it that gets much better reception than this clock. 7. LED is not very bright and hard to read from 10 feet and farther out. I have nothing against TIMEX (they make great watches). This was written to protect anyone who who does not want to waste $30. 
Great cable that works as advertised. Why spend $80 on a name brand cable which performs no better or no worse. Connected a third gen Mot 6412 DVR with HD to a Sony 36XBR800. Great picture. A name brand cable will not transmit your digital signal 6' any better than this Cables Unlimited brand will 
I'd recommend selecting a different security cable product, especially if you have a PowerBook or MacBook. This one is poorly made, even more poorly documented, and may have permanently damaged my PowerBook G4. (Yes, the product web site claims this model is compatible with the PB G4.) It's unclear from the cryptic instruction diagram on the back of the packaging which direction is locked and which is unlocked. (Hey, would it be so bad to actually use *words* to explain things? Even in 4 or 5 languages if you like. The diagrams make no sense.) In the process of trying to get this to work, it appears that the locking teeth chewed up the security slot of my PowerBook. It may have permanently damaged the slot. Needless to say, I will attempt to return the product for a refund. There are plenty of similar products on the market, including others avaiable through Amazon. I'd suggest trying one of those. 
Works well....Customer support from Garmin....more than excellent...One complaint..Very short battery life...Requires a 12 volt charging adapter...Windshield suction cup charge adapter is a must to use as a G.P.S....Also...Get a minimum 512 MB SD card for combo marine and street navigation....One plus is the brightness,unit size,and screen size....Do not keep it in your breast pocket while on the boat...Dont float..not waterproof..nuff said 
The photo on the Target website shows a cable input/output for cable protection. The unit arrived with a phone line input/output-not much help for those expecting protection on their cable line 
This is an awesome little MP3 player. I enjoy both the MP3 player and the FM radio. It is very easy to use and syncs well with Windows Media Player. It is perfect for going to the gym because it is so small. It came with a great leather case that fits it well and prevents damage and scratches. My only problem with the player is that I can't fit more than 66-69 songs although it says there is about 70MB of space left on the player 
While I don't have any evidence to refute the package claim that it "attaches to any notebook", once attached to my son's computer it was almost impossible to remove. It took 10 minutes to get it off and we were pulling so hard I thought we would damage the computer. We will be returning it. Not recommended 
I bought this to use in hotels. This thing sucks. I barely got it to work in my house. Too slow to set up. Based on the size of this thing, just bring a longer eithernet cord. I am really disapointed. 
Spare SD card slots molded into the lid of this case prevent it from closing completely around the Tungsten E. You will see a noticeable gap around the bottom edge of the closed case. Slight pressure on the latch side side will cause the case to pop open unexpectedly in purse or brief case. I returned mine to Amazon a few days after receipt; still looking for an alternative 
Quite acceptable. In line with prior purchases at outlet where PIXMA was sol 
Have been using them for a week now. Incredible sound for the size. Bass is incredible.... mids are accurate, highs are accurate. These are the way to go if you're using an MP3 player. I use them with the Creative ZEN Vision M 30 ("The Ipod killer") While walking, riding a bus or train in in N.Y.C. seals out external noise amazingly VERY WELL!!! Pros: Awesome accurate sound / Incredibly light / don't protrude out of your ears / comes with "2 sets" of three different sizes of silicone plugs / plugs are ultra soft, comfortable and fit perfectly / secure well built storage case / cleaning tool / barely uses battery power! / Not the yup-tard WHITE COLOR.... much cooler BLACK! Cons: None so far. I bought them directly from Amazon for $75.99 with "free" 4 day ultra fast shipping 
I never received the 4-year plan, when I purchased the TVHD in August 2006. I have wrote to Amazon several times with no follow up by Amozon. My next step is legal, since Amazon is acting like it dosen't care about the customer. The reason I both the TVHD was because of 4-year service plan. Terrible customer service...... 
This is a great printer. I have used it several times and it makes great pictures. I had some pictures taken at a low resolution and the print still turned out looking great. Tried this on a regular printer and the print didn't look near as great. A great feature is proof sheet print of the pictures you have. You can also add a border to your pictures which makes things nice for postcards. Colors are great and vivid. Also the prints look like that purchased from a photo shop. I have not tried printing to non Epson paper so I can't say how prints would look. I know that Epson printers look the best printed on Epson paper. 
This is a overall convient carrying case. IT DOES NOT SCRATCH you ipod in anyway. This is a great case for jogging or everyday use, it has a belt clip that works very well. great and simple case, i highly recommend it for everyday use 
purchased the unit 9/05 because there wasn't a tele jack near the t.v.... thus far has worked w/o a hitch connected to my direct t.v. black box to show caller i.d. on the screen... 
I bought these batteries on what was writen on their packaging. It was not true to what was said. These batteries died after only 25 minutes in my digital camera. And a set of Duracell Ultras, that are not rechargeable, lasted longer. Do not always believe what you read. Make sure you have the ability to return items. And is with this case, they went back. I went with a set of energizers. And they last much longer, with the power being the smae as these 1800mah monster brand 
The battery life for this phone after one short year is abysmal. After charging it all night, it dies after a few hours of nonuse. The redial button simply has never worked. It is not user friendly at all although I could live with this if the two issues above were resolved. I contacted AT and requested that they send me a new model that works since this phone is obviously defective. If they refuse then I won't ever buy an AT product again and neither will anyone I come into contact with. It's that simple. Update...AT refused to do anything about the phone despite the obvious flaws,. As a result, I will never buy another AT product again. AT, you are exhibiting the traits of a company that will go out of business. 
These are very comfortable to wear, and the sound is great. I use them out jogging, and they stay put, without any pressure on the ear. The tight fit blocks out any outside noise, so be careful around traffic, as you cannot hear cars. I would highly recommend these to anyone 
This seemed like a great card at a great price. Unfortunately after 4 months, during the middle of a paid shoot, all of the images instantly dissappeared. I stopped using the card, put it aside until I got home. I tried to use software to recover the images. Only a few could be recovered, the rest were gone. I've not been able to re-format the card in either a canon eos 5d, digital rebel, or using software on my computer. The card is now completely un-usable. All of my older cards continue to work just fine. Hopefully this is just a lemon, although I need to replace it, and am obviously apprehensive about purchasing another one from Sandisk 
Unfortunately I bought this router (aka junk) from Amazon. Never worked smoothly. Did not like WPA. After I set the the protocol to WPA and restarted it, the router froze. Updated firmware, no use. Now its not working. Power is intermittent, will shut off whenever it wants. Freezes randomly. This garbage is going back to Dlink today. Dlink tech support also said that they are having a HUGE number of complaints with 524 especially revision D. I will never buy another Dlink. DO YOURSELF A FAVOUR AND AVOID DI-52 
The cable was a good price, and it fit my printer perfect. Worth the few pennies I paid 
I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you "must" plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m not gonna fry something but it seems to work fine just plugged into a powered USB port. I have a VERY high end system though with wattage to sprare, but no more PCI slots, Damn 7900 512 gtx graphics cards, why do 2 of em have to take up so much room. Oh well, trade offs are a bi---, but a reality and 7 extra USB slots are awfully nice 
I bought these to replace the standard iPod and Sony ear buds. I was under the impression that I would get a much deeper bass response. I was wrong. The bass reproduction is simply horrid. I read somewhere there is a "break-in" period. I have found this not to be true. They sound just as bad after 50 hours of listening as they did brand new. This is my first pair of Sennheiser and am very disappointed. I know they are low-end headphones - but I expected more. My recommendation is to keep researching 
This was needed for my Panasonic DVD recorder. Works well - hope it holds up as advertised.... Looks like high quality and works well. So far - everything is as expected - and THAT is good 
I am a LONG TIME pc user and pc gamer. I wanted this for a 1. tv 2. pc gaming monitor 3. xbox gaming monitor 4. dvd veiwing device. Here is how I rate this monitor on these four levels on a scale of 1 to 5: 1. tv = 2 2. pc gaming monitor = 2 3. xbox = 1 4. dvd = 3 The ghosting for normal operations is almost too much to live with. I returned this item just so you know. The rca inputs gave me only black and white images. This could have been because my monitor was defective. I am not sure. Ghosting during gaming was very bad. Worse than that was it's lack of good brightness control. This is not for gamers 
I ordered the 4 meter cable which was pictured with 24 pin connectors and received one with 18 pins. Found out that the missing middle 6 pins are used to transmit audio which my monitor doesn't support anyway. Originally, the DVI-D specification allowed for both a video signal and an audio signal, but most manufacturer's have only used the video portion. If you need a DVI-D cable, an 18 pin connector will most likely work since most devices won't process the audio signal anyway. There are a few (very few) devices that do use all 24 pins, but with the advent of HDMI, nobody really makes them anymore 
From the photos and specs I thought this was "the camera" to have (both my wife and I loved the look of the camera from the photos we had seen). There's always exceptions to rules, and the rule, "the more you pay, the more you get" is the exception to the rule for this web camera. After getting it, I had difficulty in getting the software to load but eventually had success. I was very disappointed in the video quality. There seemed to be a lot of noise in the picture, and tweaking gave no improvement. I returned it to Amazon and took a lose in the return shipping cost, but considered it worth it just to get the price of the camera back. Amazon lived up to their part and refunded the price paid (less return shipment) with no hassle 
This card crashed my system with the blue screen of death after installation. Please be really careful with this one 
Have had this router for over a year. During this time the router constantly lost the internet connection, even when it's wired directly to my desktop PC. The disconnect can last anywhere from a couple of seconds to minutes. A new firmware (1.23) was released a few days ago for revision A (the version of the router I have). D-Link's website said the firmware "improved reliability" so I decided to upgrade. After flashing to the new firmware, the router will not let me into the control panel or respond to pings. The lights blink, that's all. I've reset the router, but this does nothing to restore the old firmware. D-link's firmware upgrade appears to have put this router out of its misery--which is perhaps for the best as it now forces me to finally go back to a reliable router company 
It's a nice look, but it tips over very easily. It is not steady on a rug surface dispite what the picture on the box shows. My advice is if you need a CD rack that holds a lot of CD's? Save your money and invest in something nicer and more sturdy 
The Belkin cassette adapter was my 2nd attempt at a product that would allow me to play my iPod through car cassette deck. The first, non-Belkin, product (can you say Monster here?) was crap...stopped working properly after two weeks. The Belkin adapter has performed flawlessly for 2+ months now 
The first peron to review this incorrectly stated that it doesn't come with software for handhleds. That person chose to buy it without and save some $$ and then complained about having to pay extra for it because he/she bought the wrong software package. Delorme did the right thing and offered us options. I just ordered mine and I have no plans on using with a HH so I'm very happy that I didn't have to buy the HH software. Just don't be dumb and read what you are buying before you buy it. Nemerous people have highly recommended this to me, although I have heard that MS Mappoint has better maps and should be used instead when you have it as an option. Storing 50,000 data points without a connection to a computer is awesome. I will be able to take the unit with me on a bike ride and analize the workout later hopefully looking at the route, elevation, etc. Too bad it is only in Yellow.. 
It's not listed in the product description but the Pico works with the iPod Mini too. Like the other reviewers, I found it easy to setup: tune the radio, turn on iPod, connect the Pico, tune the Pico, done). In my car, the static interference was less noticeable when the unit was placed in close proximity to the radio. I noticed this as well with my home stereo. Maybe the next generation Pico needs a larger antennae, or my iPod needed charging. Regarding sound quality, my other car has a built-in iPod connector. The Pico sound quality is comparable, somewhat muted, but enjoyable. The Pico does offer the advantage of displaying the iPod menu to select tunes. I've read mixed reviews on other FM transmitters, but I am pleased with the Pico 
The quality of materials: zipper, hard case, strap and light weight are outstanding. When I connected my MP3 player, the sound was impressive for a-carry along- portable stereo speaker. Next, I took the MP3 out of the speaker case and loaded my DT 200V pocket radio; again the sound was very good and even loud at a low volume setting. Now the minor negatives: changing the volume, etc. requires going into the zipped case. Other than the ipod, be careful in selecting this speaker. The player, radio... cannot be more than 4" high, 2.5" wide and .75" thick; larger and you may not be able to zip closed the speaker case, which is necessary. My items just do fit. So the Quality Sound and Materials make this a fine product, especially for the money. OTHER PRODUCTS REVIEWS HAVE GREATLY HELPED ME DECIDE WHAT TO BUY, THIS IS WHY I DID THIS REVIEW. PLEASE DO THE SAME FOR OTHERS AS YOU BUY PRODUCTS. 
This was a great mouse for about the first year I owned. After one year is when all of the problems started. The mouse now loses connection sproadically and sometimes it doesn't want to connect at all. I have changed the battery quite a few times and that doesn't seem to help. It is very tempremental, and I have now given up and am shopping for a replacement. So, a word to the wise - in my experience the mouse will work great for a while, just be prepared to replace it in a year or so 
My daughter uses a Cochlear Implant that has the option of being powered by 3 AA batteries. We have tried several brands trying to find the ones that last the longest. We have tried Energizer, Duracell, etc. She needs to replace them every day and a half. Since the Implant is a high power draining device, every extra hour counts. These batteries are one of the best values out there. 
I didn't want to spend the money on this either, but it IS better. I really don't know why, but it IS. No question about it. PERFECT picture and sound! I have a Yamaha RX-V2700 receiver which has HDMI hookups. I tried a HDMI cable that came with my DirecTV box (from my Toshiba HD DVD player) and it was seriously lacking. This hookup is MUCH better! I have a Monster Cable HDMI hooked up to the new receiver that runs to my Sony 46" flat panel as well (more $ but....). I'm finally satisfied. I'm watching (and listening to) "Batman Begins" (In True HD sound) on HD DVD and it is superb!!!! This is just awesome! The stuff of fantasy. You only have to buy this/these cables once, so why not buy the BEST?! I highly recommend this move. 
may be i got a defective one. there is nothing inside to hold the ipaq. its just a 3 fold cover. IPAQ comes with a much better case when you buy it new 
As you may already know, this is an accessory handset which will only work if you have one of these Panasonic models: KX-TG2700/KX-TG2720, KX-TG2730/KX-TG2740. The Panasonic KX-TGA271V, does not need (or use) a telephone jack. It simply plugs into any standard electrical socket and works off the base unit with one of the models mentioned above. This phone was also very easy to register. (It had to be charged for about 2 hours before it could be registered...) I simply had to press the "MUTE" button on my base unit and then press the "PLAY" button on the phone (the registration directions were even displayed on the LCD display on the phone!) Please know that I did find the Panasonic instaltion manual/registration directions to be a little confusing. Some features that are NOT mentioned in this description which ARE included are: finger grips/ergonomic sizing on the sides of the phone, the opportunity to play your answering machine messages off this phone (the base unit to the KX-TG2730 has a digital answering machine, and I suspect the other Panasonic models do as well) ---- THIS WAS THE MAIN REASON WHY I PURCHASED THIS PHONE, YES THE KX-TGA271V WILL PLAY YOUR ANSWERING MACHINE MESSAGES OFF THIS PHONE THROUGH THE SPEAKER ON THE BACK OF IT!!!, a separate "call waiting" dedicated button is also included. Also, this phone will use any standard headset, it does NOT need a Panasonic branded headset. This was very important for me because I ofen use a headset and I do not want to purchase another one. I have since learned that ALL cordless phone headsets can be used on ANY type of cordless phone! Please know that the batteries on this phone are not interchangeable with the KX-TG2730 system (that is the model that I have.) Also, the KX-TG2730 phone can't be charged in this charger, and vice versa. That is (likely) because the KX-TGA271V phone is slightly smaller and weighs less. The face of the phone is white with a purple trim. The back of the phone is also purple on the bottom and white on the top half. The "white" in the phone is sort of a shiny metalic white, and the "purple" is not shiny at all. Some of the buttons are also slightly smaller than the buttons on the KX-TG2730 model. And the LCD screen is not flat, it is indented slightly, and bordered in silver. I purchased this phone from an Amazon.com merchant and am very pleased with it. I noticed that another Amazon.com merchant is selling the same phone that I purchased for less ($30.), however that merchant has HORRIFIC feedback and I was only too glad to pay a little extra for the confidence of knowing that I would receive a phone in a timely manner that would work! Panasonic makes very good phones. The only (big) problem is the battery life. The batteries often die after less than 90 minutes. I have solved this problem by purchasing a second set of batteries. However, this is still not a perfect solution. So, I had to purchase another set of cordless phones (Uniden.) I now keep two phones in each of the rooms that I had each of the Panasonic phones, and so far have not run in to any problems. I hope Panasonic will offer batteries with longer lives soon. All in all this is an excellent phone. I hope the extra details that I provided will help a prospective buyer make the right decision. Amazon.com rarely provides specific details to these types of questions (does Amazon.com only employ braindead dimwits?) and the Panasonic Website does not offer this info 
Used for backing up a huge quantity of high resolution digital images. The drive is fast and quiet in it's operation, while taking up very little space on the desktop. I highly recommend this drive and this brand of drives 
Very easy to use. Expend my wireless network access from two marginal to five with very good signal level. No external power required. Highly recomend it. 
Note: I am fully aware that compact flash cards have a maximum sustained upload speed which caps off the potential speed of the medium it is being transferred on. I purchased this product to use in conjunction with my SanDisk Ultra II compact flash cards. I thought that PC cards would be faster than USB 1.1 and 2.0, but thats not the truth. Whenever I try to upload files from my CF cards thru the PC card, it slows down the ENTIRE system. I can't do other tasks while the card is uploading files since everything is acting sparatic and slow. I'll admit, the card is a bit faster in uploading files than USB 1.1, but I can't do anything else on my computer while the card is working. Honestly, I would rather have a little bit slower performance with my USB 1.1 card reader and be able to work on my computer at the same time instead of having the card slow down my entire system. I believe this card is a 16-bit pcmcia card. I've heard good praise for Lexar's 32-bit pcmcia cards, but I have yet to try it out. I'm sure it costs more money than this PC card or a USB card reader, though... All in all, I suggest getting a USB 2.0 compact flash reader over this product if you want to work on your computer at the same time as you are uploading files. Otherwise, if your the kinda person who doesnt mind leaving the computer alone while the files are uploaded to your computer, this will work just fine for you 
I ordered one from an Amazon partner for $ .01 plus shipping, then with my A9 discount the price was even lower. So I got one for less than the shipping cost. True, the seller made a little on the shipping - maybe $4.50 not counting time. Think how much Apple must be making! The packaging didn't mention Nano so with a bit of trepidation I plugged it into the wall and my iPod and my Nano liked it! Charging happened - it must have been made before the Nano came out. As other reviewers have said, buy this one and avoid a HIGH price elsewhere 
I cannot recommend HP to anybody anymore. The company introduced regional coding, which means printer cartridges from one region cannot be used in another. For most this is probably not an issue, for those busily traveling around it is. Also, it is an issue of principle, its bad enough for DVD, but printer cartridges? HP has introduced this rather secretely and if you don't read the box cover etc very carefully, you may not notice. The main issue is in Europe. I got caught out. I bought a 3 catridges overseas - I could not use them on my HP printer. I asked for a refund, HP Email Support (US) was nice but ineffective. HP Customer Support (Europe) was snotty and very rude. I think HP does not care about its customers and this cost me over US$75, almost 50% of my printer (my sixth and last HP). Don't buy HP 
I have had the 325 model for less than a year. Up until recently I was satisfied with its performance using it to print less than 5 pictures at a time. Recently, I needed to print a series of pictures (more than 10 in one sitting) and had an error message-print cartridge jam-I fixed the paper jam but continued to get the error message. I called HP and they stated this was a fatal error in the unit and encouraged me to purchase the updated model rather than fix my printer. I searched the internet for a solution only to find that others had encountered this and the solution was to purchase the "new'model- A not very cost effective solution as this was not supposted to be a disposable model. 
For some years I tried this and other Monster products, to the tune of over $1000 in Monster a/v gear. The more you learn about video and audio, the more you'll avoid anything with the Monster label. Specifically, this s-video meets no NTSC, DVD or IEEE standard; it is common 30-ohm hookup wire with ineffective shielding and a poorly designed, low-conductance connect plug that can wreck your input jacks and gives poor grounding. Has a sharp image, but includes a catalog of chromatic aberrations from off-color skin tones to color blotching, dirty grays, burned highlights, murky shadows, noisy reds, and poor color balance due to impedance mismatching that results in cyan errors and bleeding reds. Makes video test patterns look great, but who watches test patterns all day? Amazon offers many other brands at good prices, why waste your $$ on this stuff? I removed every piece of Monster from my system and replaced them with AR, Belden, Viewsonics and others from Amazon. Result: vast improvement in every respect. 
Notebooks Pro is the highest rated webcam (for notebooks) on the market and for good reason. Audio and Video quality is excellent. You can talk normal and be 2 or 3 feet away with no problem. The echo cancellation feature is a true must for webcams, especially with the use of video. On the negative side the USB cable is too short which limits interchangeability with your desktop. Also, I have the Quickcam Fusion for my desktop which is a 5 star rated product and without doubt the best of the best webcams overall. Logitech ships that product with Quickcam 10 software which is probably a nice update to Quickcam 9 the Notebook Pro uses. Unfortunately, Logitech provides little detail and info on these technical and software issues. B 
Can not get this thing to connect to my Linksys Wireless router. Problem is not that it doesn't see the LinkSys, the problem is that the v2.50 firmware in the WLI-TX4-G54HP is _buggy_. If I try to enter a 10-digit hex key for 64-bit WEP encryption-- it says I have to enter a 5-digit value. This is the 2nd one I bought (I returned the first). Piece of junk, and _no_ support from the manufacturer 
My daughter really didn't use it that much but within about 5 weeks it started to fall apart. The wood veneer on the base pulled up and splintered from tightening the strings to tune it. A low price for a guitar but I don't think it's even worth this price. 
I have been into MP3s since 1996 - I used winplay, and l3enc, and thought it was the most amazing thing ever. I bought one of the first CD based MP3 players, and then a Nomad Jukebox with a whopping 6 gig hard disk... next was the 10 gig model, and then I upgraded to the Nomad Zen 20gig with USB 2.0. The Zen went with me everywhere - Africa, Europe, My living room. After about 70,000 hours of use and abuse, it finally died. I needed a replacement, so I looked at iPod, and Zune, but why would I stray from Creative Labs? Besides, it's better in every way - better screen than the ipod, better interface than the Zune, and a better battery than either one. When I plugged it into my computer, I was blown away. XP found the player, and without any drivers or proprietary (think iTunes) software, I was able to drop my non-DRM ;) mp3 files right onto the generous space available. I was listening to my music in mere minutes without installing anything, or ever being forced to reboot my PC. I transferred a couple of movies and I'm looking forward to my next flight 
Will not charge the Micro Zen, but will power the unit. Will toss it in the car for those times when the battery is dead and I just need my music. 
People buy expensive av cables because of most people would think that more expensive cables will work better and last longer. I've found that it's more a matter of quality control. I'll roll the dice with cheap (price) cables untill they fail on me 
I'm a section editor at a high school newspaper and I have used this drive every day both in that class and in all my others for over a year and it has never let me down. It's small, sleek and elegant and has a quick transfer rate. The only issue is with the caps ans skins, which get annoyingly loose over time. I carry it around on a little pouch on my keys that I keep on my belt loop. When I pull it out of the pouch it will sometimes pull off the cap and skin. It's a minor annoyance for an otherwise great flash drive. I just went out and bought the 1GB version and I use them both 
i order this item and it got lost in the mail. They resend it which was fine but, as soon as i recieve it i turn on the this item and the screen turned blank. I advised not to buy this item 
I bought this for my kids to use with Nascar Racing. Controls are easily reprogramable. Nice product for the money 
These speakers sound great - but sometimes you want to crank it up and in the office that's a no-no. So you reach for your phones and... no place to plug them in! How lame is that? Also whoever designed the Volume/On/Off knob is an idiot. The thing is so streamlined and slippery that when you try to turn it, the whole speaker just slips away from you. They're so light that they don't have enough resistance to stay put. So you have to hold it in place with one hand while you turn the knob with the other (unless you velcro them to your desk or something). Too bad because - like I said - they sound great 
In terms of sound quality, noise cancelling, and general comfort - thise headphones are top of the line. I absolutely love the way the sound and the ammount of noise cancelling that they provide. I used them regularly when mowing the lawn and when flying, and I always recieved the highest quality sound and noise cancelleation. I was even able to listen to drum-n-bass while mowing the lawn and hear all of the appropriate frequencies on the low end. However... inside of 6 months, I have gone through 2 pairs of these headphones because the right ear headphone has gone out on them. The worst part is - I can't even begin to imagine why it goes out. I keep my heaphones in a locked cabinet in my office every night. Last friday, I placed back into the nice little carry bag that they come with, and placed them into this cabinet. This morning when I pulled them out for use, the right ear bud is out again... no physical damage is apparent anywhere on the headphones, and there is not a broken wire anywhere. In fact, the wiring is perfectly fine and still functional. It is the physical earbud - the hard plastic peice - that has gone out. If i squeeze the earbud hard enough, it will turn on again. Something inside of the earbud is obviously designed improperly and I would highly recommend that noone purchase these headphones because of this 
The 4GB high speed memory card is the best it is fast and it can store so much data I cant even imagine using all of the memory but the only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it's over 700 
THe radio works great....except the last 2 Sony walkman am/fm radios I have had you were able to CLIP onto your WAISTE band when exercising.....it was just a large CLIP thing....THIS new one has a different type that you HAVE to use a BELT with! and WHO uses a belt to work out ? I certainly dont.....so I am using a VERY LARGE safety pin thru the hole in the back and then I pin it onto my shorts....which has made a nice hole in the material of two pairs. Otherwise it is a great item 
I bought this speaker cable because I wanted it to fall in a straight line and hug the walls without curling all over the place. This cable does just that. I'm very happy with it. If that is your goal too, I can recommend this cable. Regarding the long standing debate of whether Monster cable sounds better than cheaper cable, I'm not an audio engineer and don't have an opinion 
Upgraded from 19" Viewsonic CRT. This monitor is superb! Recommendation: go with native resolution, enable Clear Type through display settings, and download the monitor drivers from Viewsonic (XP uses standard drivers, not as good as Viewsonic's imo), then restart, makes a huge difference over settings out of the box. 
My wife bought this as a gift for me, thinking that it included an FM tuner. For ten dollars more, she could have purchased a product that does everything this one does (it is essentially a $35 car charger) plus the tuner. If you want to use this product to actually listen to your iPod in your car, you'll need to purchase yet another device: either the cassette adapter (old school! part F8V366-APL) or the FM transmitter (part F8V367-APL). Either one connects through a jack in the side of this unit. The FM transmitter is another $40 (you're now $20-30 over what the Monster iCarPlay, which does all of the above, would have cost you)...and, surprise! The transmitter takes AAA batteries! There's no way to power the transmitter through the Auto Kit. To power the FM transmitter without batteries, you must purchase yet a third accessory, the "Mobile Power Cord for iPod" (F8V7067-APL, just $15!)...except your car's power plug is occupied by the Auto Kit, so you'll need to buy a twin-plug adapter for that. Are we having fun yet? I'm not, and am wishing I'd skipped all this nonsense and just purchased the iCarPlay in the first place 
The Microsoft optical wheel mouse is a great product. It is worth every penny of the purchase price. A great value! It is so much better than my old mouse with the ball in it. The optical wheel mouse is much more accurate too. The best purchase I ever made 
This SD would not work in my Nikon Coolpix S6 camera (but the Fuji and Sandisk product did 
I ordered 3 APC Back-UPS ES 500s on the recommendation of an employee of mine who used to work at APC. I've had them for about a month now without any problems. They've functioned properly through a few unexpected power interruptions. I'll gladly order more if the need arises. Pros: - Large plug spacing, good for power adapters - Simple design - Long cord Cons: - No line conditioning (usually an expensive option 
The sound is fine, but the mic is not so good, too much background noise. The headset is quite "loose" but it's ok when you get used to it. 
No problems with these, and great price at amazon 
It dies if you plug in any external USB disk drive or card reader. D-Link just doesn't know how to write device drivers that work well. I've had problems with every D-Link product I've ever bought 
Just a note to future readers - If you take Gemstar up on their offer to "upgrade" this model you will receive some nice new features, however what they don't tell you is that your machine will become PROPRIETARY! All the books you had before will become unreadable and your ebook will only be able to "read" Gemstar books in the future. This means you are force to buy all future books from the Gemstar catalog only! The new features that come with this upgrade to the 1150 model are hardly worth being locked into one ebook vendor forever. The openness of this little model is it's beauty - it's the last one of it's kind, as all future models are proprietary 
This version released late 2005 is obviously a cost-cutting result. This release drops the zipper which is essential when travelling. Also the price have doubled compared to the previous style. 
I set up a small security program with my Macintosh. Intially I needed a PC to place the settings in the camera, however once I got it hooked up to my security system it works beautifully. I would recommend you leave the lights on though because if you don't you will be getting just a black, fuzzy dark image back if you are using this camera for security. This camera is a very simple easy to use camera without the fuss of zooming, pan, tilt etc. If you need a simple camera you can't go wrong with the D-link DCS-900 (Wireless or wired version) 
I'm overly critical of sound quality. At home i have the Tritton surround sound headset running off optical connection. this doesnt' compare to that but the Tritton is $99 too. For the $ this is really nice. Sound, microphone and wire quality are all good. Controls are easy to use and the software is easy to use too. They're also fairly comfortable. Good headset for work 
With a full charge it does not last more than 10min, could not take more than more 15 pics in my camera Canon Pro1. The original battery works well more than 250 pics on each charge. Initially I thought this problem was because it was new battery but after several cycles it does not work at all. I'll try to get a refund and check their customer service too 
I have used the 9510i for about 2 years and have found it to be flawless in performance. The Disaster Recovery software provided with this drive is it's biggest star. You can format your hard drive, put in the restore disk that you create for your system, and in about 15 minutes your system is put back to EXACTLY the way it was when you created the disk. Or you can simply replace selected files if you want. It does not miss a single thing. Fanstastic. The software is extremely user friendly and guides you through the process easier than an ABC book. I would highly recommend this drive for performance and ease of use 
This is the perfect keyboard ( I know cuz I am typing on it right now ) I recommend if you like media boards 
I am shocked by the amount of positive reviews on this site. Let me tell you about my experience. I bought this machine in June of 2005. In one year, I have replaced this machine THREE TIMES. All three times, I got error messages that the toner cartridge was out (Toner Life End) even when new toner cartridges were put in. I do give high marks to Brother for its customer service, though. Each time I had a problem, I called and they sent out a replacement by FedEx along with materials for me to send back the broken one. But when the fourth replacement arrived last week and I turned it on and got an immediate paper jam message, I had enough. I had a similar issue with a Brother mutlifunction machine I purchased around the same time. I am done with Brother products 
I wouldn't be without this. When I first bought the 20d it was my first digital SLR and I spent a few weeks adding and removing the battery grip and this strap. In the end I settled for using both and wouldn't have it any other way. With the battery grip and hand strap in place I find the camera much more secure and comfortable to hold. That's all there is to it, that's what it does and it does it well. On the down side, and it's a small and transient down side, actually fitting it to the camera and getting it adjusted to the exact right length for your hand is a bit fiddly and you'd sort of expect it to be insecure. I think the trick, security wise, is to make sure the bottom strap goes through the center buckle first, then it is locked in by the top strap which is already held securely at the junction with the neck strap (if used). I also don't like the attachment to the neck strap, I don't like having a fairly sharp edged piece of metal where it can rub against the chasis of the camera in normal use. I use this on a 20d which typically has a 24-200 or 80-400 lens attached. You can only use this if you also use the battery grip, or buy a third party plate which attaches to the tripod mount and provides the lower mounting location. But since I always use the battery grip I don't have an issue. If Canon read this, you could do with a better solution for the attachment and adjustment on an accessory of this price, you normally pay close attention to detail and it's a bit lacking here 
The card worked really well except for one little thing. There is no way to enbale super G mode (you need it to connect at 108mbps). Without the most I could connect at was 54mbps. The quick install guide and the manual said it's available, but it wasn't. Tech support was able to reproduce my problem, and tried many, many things. Even though they were very helpful, they coudln't fix it. My guess is that it's going to take a firmware upgrade to enable Super G. If you can wait for that, then you will be happy. I returned mine, and bout a Linksys WPC54GX 
I love the basic design, great hardware/software linkage, and software interface of this Mac-happy scanner. However, I value my time too much to babysit the feed mechanism of the unit I received last week. It inconsistently graps multiple pages as other reviewers have disclosed. So, if you're scanning a 10-page doc and it misses one somewhere along the way, have you really accomplished anything? No. You must either try the whole thing again (with likely the same result), or you must figure out what page(s) is missing, scan it separately, and go thru a simple yet not expedient Acrobat process to insert the omitted page. In the end, this machine made it +90% of the way to being a really great product, but the shortcoming fouls half the machine's overall utility. Swing a little bit harder next time Fujitsu 
I bought this phone to replace my older Panasonic because I needed a new answering machine. I love that I can retrieve messages from the handset. The handset is a bit smaller than earlier models, but just took some getting used to. Would definitely recommend 
On the plus side, it's a great value for the games that do work on the T5. SimCity alone is probably worth the price. On the down side, although Amazon claims it's compatible with the "Tungsten Series" that was probably written before the T5 came out. Four of the games appear to act as "trial" versions, although it's impossible to enter the registration codes. See (...) for an explanation. Even with only 4 working games past the trial period, it's a good buy. Just know you're not getting what's advertised if you have a T5 
I have extensive experience with wireless system setup and operation. My whole system is all Linksys gear. After four hours on this camera, I give up. When you update the firmware, it erases everything you programmed into the camera so beware. I could get the camera to work in WiFi mode. Picture is decent, not great. The motion sensing function triggers quite well. The frustration comes from an inability to get the email function to work. Kept getting an error message with the system parameters setup so it should have worked. The FAQ section on Linksys website is almost non-existent. I did not bother to call because in my past experience that is of minimal help and very frustrating. Features sound great but could not get it to work right. I will find another unit. 
I agree with the previous review. This phone cord worked twice. Now, it only retracts about half way, and keeps getting worse. I'm returning it for a refund. Don't waste your time with this 
What a disappointment that what I thought was a reputable company makes such an unreliable product. After about a years time, my LaCie drive started clicking. And then, no data. It completely failed. I too made the mistake of trusting this drive and didn't back it up. I am sick about what I've lost. I've emailed LaCie about the failure and have not received a reply. Beware of LaCie external drives 
I have a collection of over 1500 disks so I have bought many cd/dvd cases over the years and this brand is the worst quality on any that I have purchased. I would avoid this brand. [... 
I replaced a Siemens 8825 with the Motorola 7081 and was, unfortunately, really disappointed. The 8825 while rich in function, is quite lacking in quality. So what's good about the 7081 is: 1. Great design and feel, especially the handset. 2. Nice look to the unit. 3. Well-lit displays. 4. Easy to understand voice prompts when accessing remotely. 5. Reasonable range. 6. Nice feel to the buttons. 7. Fairly easy to go through the setup. 8. Ability to sort the phonebook alphabetically. 9. Base has phonebook that can be shared by the handsets. 10. Motorola customer support (excellent). Now what's not good: 1. Even at maximum volume, you can barely hear the speakerphone on the base. 2. Sound on the handset is distorted, fuzzy. The person on the other end hears a hiss. The volume is adequate, but barely. 3. Cannot search the phonebook. If you sorted it alphabetically and need to access a name starting with "Z" you have to scroll through the entire phonebook. 4. Can't record an outgoing message remotely. 5. Battery level indicator on handset is useless. When the handset is in the charging cradle, it shows a charging indication at all times. When it is out of the cradle, it doesn't show anything. I really wanted to like this unit because it has such a nice look and feel to it but the poor sound quality is a showstopper. 
THE ROUTER CARD DOES NOT WORK, MY OLD ONE WORKS WITH THE NEW ROUTER BUT THE NEW CARD DOES NOT WORK AT ALL, SO I NEED A REFUND FOR IT, OR A REPLACEMENT, THANKS 
sent check for full price fairly promptly, but not including tax, which ads say they will d 
Review this product over the internet, and it is just what I was looking for my daughter of twelve years of age, pros. is portable and rechargable; cons. the sound is not as good as the Boose but with less volume it is quite acceptabl 
Great for frequent air travel to pass the time. Minor complaints - instructions are sparse (had to get my son to show me how to use iTunes load songs), but still haven't figured out how to arrange songs on the iPod. My problem 
The first warning sign is that the drivers are not Windows approved and unsigned. Their installation instructions advise you to ignore the warnings. Next, is the cheesy "cool" looking set-up program. Please forget about the groovy graphics and just provide a usable interface. Then, the drivers don't work. My cursor slides all around the screen after I stop moving the mouse. I tried calling customer support, but there is no telephone support. I then tried connecting with their online chat support. No one helped me after 20 minutes. Two days later, in response to an e-mail, they sent me 3 pages of instructions about how to adjust my system to accommodate their crappy software. Too bad, because the mouse itself is a nice piece of hardware. Solid-feeling, well-built, and comfortable. I'm sending mine back for a refund 
Perhaps the ultimate addition to a good camera. I used my camera with a SanDisk Pro Duo (the blue one...) and while most times it was fine, when I needed to take pictures in quick succession - it let me down. The Ultra II is noticably faster. You will not regret buying this 
Be Creative!! Mostly what you're paying for is the embroidered 'Magellan' name. I like the Crown Royal idea of pouch or you can sew or obtain a fleece and make a square with pockets and tuck everything in there, works fine. Since the reviews are bad, I will not get this just to hide my GPS away in an eye-catching steal-me monogrammed bag. 
As best as I can tell the wires were too thin, and it could not handle any kind of bandwidth. 
These sound awful. I'm embarrassed to admit I spent 140.00 on these. The earphones from my 1989 sony walkman are far superior. If you like your music to sound as if it came from the bottom of a well then these are for you. 
I love it. You can switch back and forth from left hand to right hand and it was a great price 
Good sound quality for the sub-$150 (per pair) price tag. Easy to install 
The product works perfectly. The only problem is, the manual only includes directions for the most common setups. To use one port as an "uplink" to a router, for example, you need to plug the uplink into the ethernet port labeled "1" and then leave port "2" open. The directions do not state this, and I had to call Linksys to get it to work. Other than that, it is fast, reliable, and small. Perfect 
As mentioned by others the actual product does not look like the photo and is a little on the flimsy side. That did not concern me too much. My problem is that it does not work properly with my Samsung 13-inch color TV. It turns the set on and off and steps up/down the channels but I cannot ehter a two digit channel number and have it go to the correct channel. For example, if I enter "54" it goes to "55". I tried all the listed setup codes given in the instructions 
It was an okay mousepad for approximately a year and a half. Every so often, my optical mouse jittered from one edge of the screen to the other when left stationary, but I encountered no serious problems. Unfortunately, it seems that might have been indicative of a greater problem with the mousepad. It is all one color. The grooves have all worn away on a large portion of the pad, and now my mouse won't budge. I'm in the process of looking for an alternative right now 
Great all around backpack for lugging laptop and books to school. It has a fairly large capacity but it also has tension straps so you can compact it. One of the best features is the open compartment which is perfect for gym shoes or clothes 
I lost my adapter that came from Walmart and was a generic brand. It worked perfect. This thing was expensive and it didn't work at all. I'd have to turn the volume on both the ipod and stereo all the way up and then I'd get some sign of life, not anything you'd want to listen to. It's worst than even the worst RF transmitter I've ever tried. Don't waste your money, believe the reviews 
This product is a nice headset that did fit nicely on my ear (lucky fit I guess) and was easy to work with. It is compact and feels quite natural for me. Not to mention it is designed to work on either ear so in the middle of a conversation you can just change ears 
Ok...it functions well as a clock radio. Just fine. Reliable. But that's not too much to expect. Yes, it will charge your iPod and it does have the nifty function of an alarm that gradually (though not gradual enough) gets louder. The adaptor for my Nano fit fine; and I didn't find the clock too bright (it has 3 settings). But the sound is really terrible. It sounds like its coming from a transistor radio. As well, it advertises that you will be able to go to sleep and wake up with your iPod. But as we know, you don't need a clock radio to do that--your iPod will do that on its own if you set it. I took this back after 5 days and hooked up some cheap computer speakers with a volume control. They really sound better--I swear. 
I had no problems with this card and the delivery was prompt... Thank You Muc 
my canon 510 got glowing reviews just about across the board, but not this printer. i have very little space, and needed something small just for photos. so, even though there were many negative reviews i went ahead and bought it. couldn't be happier! colour fabulous! and when you print on stock paper you can use photo to do some extra artwork on. I LOVE IT 
I recommend these speakers - have had them for 3 months now and they are great - sound quality is great. Power converter gets pretty hot though so i suggest putting it on something non flammable - don't think it would catch anything on fire but just to be safe. Speakers are not super loud but are great if you just want quality sound. 
Arrived in time, decent quality for the price. Is a bit difficult to close though, as the zip isn't awesome. But as I said, it's good for the price 
I too bought one and had the headphone jack become loose. I bought another thinking I had a faulty one, but now I'm having the same issue with this one. The loose jack causes the reception to go in and out...and finally just out completely. I agreed with the previous opinions on this fatal flaw 
No tricks, just treats and delivered on time as promised. 
I spent $400 16 months ago on two very similar portable Audiovox DVD players for my kids, for long roadtrips. They were handled with care, never abused or exposed to severe temperatures. I think we got about 6 trips out of them, then the screens went blank while in use and both units died within 24 hours of each other. Circuit City informed me the product is no longer on their shelves and referred me to Audiovox, who will do nothing since the product is now out of warranty. Extended warranties are useless on this kind of product -- who can wait 6-8 weeks for repairs? Parents, find another brand 
No problems w/ the phone. There is no mute button and it's annoying to hit two buttons to mute/unmute. I also couldn't find a way to change ringer volume but it's easy to change the ringer melody and there is one that's really soft. The menu is not as intuitive as it could be but overall it works just fine as a phone. 
I thought I was going to have to try to track down some headphones for kids until I ran across these! They are super comfortable and seem to block the world out. I've been using them for about 3 months now and couldn't be happier eventhough I've got a healthy dose of ear wax building up on them 
NOTE TO EVERYONE WHO IS HAVING PROBLEMS WITH THIS CARD--I reformatted it in my camera and it works fine now!! Initially I wrote: I was very disappointed in the shot-to-shot speed with this card (using a Minolta Xg). The Panasonic card that came with the camera, which I thought would be cheap, is THREE TIMES FASTER than this "upgrade". This card is useless to me as it cripples the camera I bought it to work in. It takes FOURTEEN SECONDS from one shot to the next with this card. With the original card, it's less than four seconds. The claim that this is a "high speed" card is dishonest. This is the slowest card I've ever used. I will throw this card away rather than curse someone else with it. 
I wanted a combo and this seems to be the best one on the market now days. The mouse is very good, a tad small, but still very comfortable. Not as good as Logitech MX(tm)500 for my hand (I'd say I have a medium size hand), but still a very solid product. Side buttons are very useful. No need to install any additional drivers for XP if you are ok with the default behavior. Just plug it in and use. The keyboard is so-so. It is not bad, but just not very comfortable, especially compared to Microsoft keyboards. (I use Microsoft 4000 for work and it really shines). The labeling is very small, Insert/Delete keys are not standard and I hate Vista ready button, if you hit it in the middle of the game you are lucky not to crash. Would I buy it again? Yes. Would I recommend it? Yes, but with some reservations. 
The iPod is cool but ours ... as we've found has happened to many other owners ... went on the fritz and our nightmare began. Apple's customer service is the worst CS that we've ever experienced regardless of the product or service supported. I could write for days about the awful experience but I've wasted so much time with them already ... I can't bear to waste more. The most notable point is that the iPod CS folks repeatedly stated that iPods are more or less disposable, commodity items and "breakdowns" were common. Wow!! .. $400 Bucks of throw away!?!?!? We still haven't recieved the return box for replacement/repair after several days even though it was promised in 24-48 hours. We also own an MP3 player that we refer to as a "Dell-Pod" from Dell Computer and have had to use their customer service as well. Dell's CS support was awesome. Based on our experience with Apple/iPod CS support ... this is the first and LAST Apple product that will be owned in our household 
Arrived today in a taped, ripped, and open box. It appears as though all the parts are there, but this is definitely not a 'factory sealed' product. Beware! My suggestion would be to buy from someone else 
Used this unit for a few weeks and returned. Annoyances: Sofware: With ADF scanning, you have to enter scan parameters (paper size etc) again for every scan and it does not have an option to let you to continue scanning more pages then ADF can hold. You will have to use "add to file" function and select all scan parameters again. There is no option to scan double-sided pages as well with using 2 pass scanning. So 3rd party software is definitively needed to get a real value out of ADF scanning. Color Scanning: While B/W scans are fast, color scanning speed is very poor to me. Scanning stack of color pages could take ages. Slow color scanning speed was observed in both USB and network modes. FAX: Number of rings before FAX answers is limited to 4 and I found no way to increase that. No good for SOHO 
The forums speak highly of these units-xr70, and I was going to get one because of the small form factor. Amazon's description for the height at 2.5" is incorrect, according to Panasonic's website. Should be listed as 3 9/32"H. Makes a difference if you're short on space 
I'm a big fan of trackballs and this one is my favorite on the market right now. Just love it 
I bought my player Sep 2006 and the other region-free code did not work. It is actually a DVD-224M (see manual) though it says DVD-224 on the player. Here is how to do it: If you have the DVD-224M model (says DVD-224 on the box, DVD-224M on the manual...), the hack is: Make sure you have no DVD in the tray. On the remote control: 1) Press "TITLE" 2) Press "1" and then "9" On the TV a large box with a small number will appear. The number indicates for which DVD region the machine has been set, for example "2" for Germany or "0" for no region code. 3) Press the up arrow or down arrow to raise or lower the number. 4) Press "ENTER" Done. 
This samll web cam is doing a great job connecting my families overseas. The flexible shoe is really handy and the image and voice quality is beyond my expectation 
Having owned a 1280 for a year and a half thus far, I can say that this printer is for somone who wants a reliable and problem free large format printer that produces on target results. The drivers at least for Mac OS X are easy to understand and reliable. The ability to manage the printer such as doing a nozzle check and a head clean right from the application that is going to be printing, is a vey nice touch as well. However, it is the colors that this printer gets high reviews from me. By using mat or glossy photo paper and making the proper print settings, one can get nice rich colors that are on cue. Thus this printer makes good for doing proofs. As an artist and Graphic Designer, having this quality is a blessing since this print cost $ 400 at the time of parchase. Compare that to profesional quality workhorses going from $2000 on up. Also being able to print up to 13 x 19 save me loads of time since that cuts down on the number of trips to my local print service to have them do my print outs on there large format printers. The only minuses are that one needs a generous amout of desktop realestate to acomadate the 1280 as it is almost twice the size of a normal 8 1/2 x 11 printer. Also one needs be prepared to shell out some payolla as the ink cartriges can get pricey. But what inkjet dosen't have that problem? Anyway that little expences is nullified by savings of not having to go to my print service so often. So any one looking for a good large format printer that produces some good printouts and not have to pay an arm and a leg for it, the 1280 is a very good cadadate for that job. So I'm giving 5 stars on the Epson 128 
Let's be honest. This product ain't cheap. It's not something you can just throw away if it decides to stop working. I bought mine at cpenusa.com. Delivery was great, only took them a couple of days. However, my c-pen cable was damaged. The connector to the c-pen was, for some reason, cut in half. Without it, you can't recharge or connect the c-pen to the pc. I called their main office all the way in Sweden during the office hours. NO RESPONSE. I sent three e-mails to cpenusa. NO RESPONSE. I don't care if the product itself is great(I'll never know now, will I..). If you're unable to receive support when you need 'em, you're screwed. If you're just interested in electronic equipments, just want to try things out and don't really care if you're on your own, go ahead and try it. Let me know how this thing really is. Otherwise, buy a product that you can trust on with respect to after-sales support 
Don't get me wrong, this is a pretty clever gadget. However, it's mising one thing in terms of usability: an on/off switch. This really limits the usability of both, since it's typical to want to turn the flashlight off for a moment, or the laser pointer on for a moment. I can't see me using this laser pointer in a real presentation, since it'd either be on all the time, or I'd be pulling the light in and out all the time (neither of which make me look cool). So if you're going to buy this, keep this limitation in mind 
CONSUMER BEWARE!!!! This product does not work as advertised. If you put more than 1000 songs onto this device, On-The-Go playlists cease to function. This is very, very sad for a player with 8GB of memory. It's supposed to hold over 2000 songs, but stops working correctly after 1000 songs are loaded? Wow. Unbelievable. This is a well-documented bug on the Apple discussion forums, yet Apple has neither acknowledged nor fixed this bug yet. Will they ever? Who cares? Why should they, if consumers like you keep buying it and RAVING about it? I bought my 8GB Nano, but returned it two days later when I found out the problem was known, but not fixed and not fixable. Apple should not be shipping products with known bugs in them! Don't they test these things?!?!?! By the way, the same problem also occurs on the 4GB Nano if you manage to squeeze more than 1000 songs onto it, which isn't all that hard to do... If you don't care about having more than 1000 songs, or you don't care about On-The-Go playlists actually working as advertised, what are you doing shopping for an 8GB player? Better stick with your 2GB models.. 
This was my second DLO transpod. I had an older white one that I bought used. I figured I would "upgrade" to this one since my iPod and my car's interior are black. overall the thing performed similarly to my previous one, but with a few little changes. For one the output of this unit is much lower than its older counterparts. That normally doesn't matter if you choose a good empty frequency, but as you start traveling you notice interference much more than you would expect. Next, I can't turn it up any where near the volume I used to be able to on the older one without getting hissing and static. It seems that the decreased level on the output also increased the amount of electronic noise when using it. Last, the most annoying part of this whole product, is that it turns off the radio transmitter after a period of no use. I have paused my iPod to take a phone call only to have very loud (since the level is so low on it you have to make up for it with stereo volume) static and sometimes radio stations coming through. Very embarrassing. Or when you stop your car and then come back, as soon as the radio turns on you are met with the same very loud noise. Since my car doesn't leave me many options for stereo replacement, this is the best product for my specific situation, though I may try and get that old one back from my friend...maybe an "upgrade" to a newer one will settle the deal 
I am happy with my purchase. I only bought it because I don't like the idea of going deaf listening to loud music through earphones. I would not use this product to entertain at a party, but it serves my needs 
I had been storing my music on a 2GB card in my palm pilot. I was having a lot of trouble transferring the music, with many errors, not to mention how long it took to transfer. I finally decided to get an MP3 player. A friend kept telling me about the Sandisk Sanso. There were some great features, but the bad far, far outweighed the good. Too many of the same problems over and over, and many people returning them. I got my Apple iPod last night and have hardly put it down! I did a lot of research first and was hard pressesd to find negative feedback about this item. This thing is great! I was up till 3AM listening to my music. The sound quality is so much better than I had expected! I really like the case I got (Tuffwrap Accent by XtremeMac- Walmart and Radio Shack) because it is really tough rubber and all of the holes are in the right place for the new nano. The only thing is that the unit does not slide up into it completely because of the square corners of the nano. The case has more rounded corners in the top, so the nano does not line up just right in the case. It is good enough and you can still use the controls. It is only about a 1/4 of an inch at most. I am just picky about it lining up correctly so this is a bit annoying. But the case is still great as far as protection. I also bought the Belkin TuneBase FM transmitter for the car. It is similar to the Monster version. I did not like the Belkin version at all. I ended up going and getting the Monster FM transmitter at Radio Shack. It works great! I like the fact that my Ipod lays in the console rather than sitting in a dock (some of you may prefer the dock). I like that I can pick up the Ipod and use it sort of like a remote to the radio because I can operate it easily without looking down at the dock. I can even hold it while driving if I want to flip through the songs while driving rather than having to reach over to the dock. The sound of this transmitter is great. Some areas you might get a bit of static or station bleed through while driving, but this is minimal and is usually not a problem. I find this happened a lot less with Monster than with the Belkin. The Belkin had a nasty hiss over all of the songs. People are talking about this unit not having a radio on it, but I find that I have so many favorite songs on it that I do not need a radio. When I do have a radio, all I do is channel surf for songs I like anyway. This way, I already have all the songs I like at my fingertips! I think these headphones really make this nano great! I was so surprised when I first heard this little unit play! For something so tiny, it rocks! I am really glad I followed my gut and went with this unit instead of dealing with frustration first by getting the Sanso. This new nano is a must have! 
Using this in my wife's Expedition is very annoying. For some reason the cord must be placed in exactly the right position or static will drown out the music coming from the car's speakers. Note that no other electrical devices in this car (and there are a lot of them; she got every option available with the car) misbehave at all. I would not repeat this purchase, not can I recommend anyone else buy one of these. I only gave it two stars because with continual minor effort it can be made to work acceptably - however, fiddling with the cord while driving is certainly NOT a safe practice 
I use the drive to back up important data. I write a few GB to the drive each time. I was surprise by how fast data transfered onto the hard drive through the USB2.0 interface. It is quiet and I have no complain 
Most reviews don't seem to mention a key spec - the throughput of a firewall. I just upgraded my cable connection to the new (up to) 30Mbs plan and bought an FSV318v3 firewall to use with it. Without the firewall in place, I measured about 25Mbs download speed. When I installed the firewall in between the modem and one computer, download speed went down to 6.5Mbs. I also discovered that if the "enable keyword blocking" checkbox is enabled, the throughput went down to 5Mbs, EVEN IF THERE WERE NO KEYWORDS! This firewall is useless if you have a high-speed connection 
I agree with the previous review. This phone cord worked twice. Now, it only retracts about half way, and keeps getting worse. I'm returning it for a refund. Don't waste your time with this 
I'm very happy with this model. I use it mostly as a VCR replacement to record broadcast TV shows. You can't beat the price for this feature-set. I'll try to describe some aspects that aren't mentioned in the other reviews. The owner's manual can also be found online in PDF format. It can schedule upto 16 programs. It does not support VCR+ or a TViO-style program guides. You can enter a title into each schedule that appears both on the schedule list and direct navigator chapter menus. It even sorts the main schedule listing and indicates which events are on the current disk. Every on-screen menu shows you which remote control buttons are functional on that screen. The commercial skip button advances about 60 seconds which isn't quite granular enough, but 2 clicks and a little fast forwarding works well. The remote operations have a very fast feeling response compared to tape players. My only complaint: The remote sensor on the recorder seems to be all the way on right-hand side. When the unit is in our video cabinet, the sensor is in a deadzone for half the room. We can't shift the position much because the disk tray slot is all the way on the left side and won't open if it's too close to the wall. Of course this probably means nothing to you. At the highest quality setting (XP) it made a very good (near perfect I'd say) copy from a 8mm video camera using analog inputs. At that setting, only one hour of content fits on a DVD. The next lower setting (SP) which can hold two hours per disk, the copy from the video camera had some contrast problems. Most TV shows recorded in EP (8 hrs) are acceptable quality although you do see the blockiness and some motion blur at times. This is especially pronounced on animated shows. The four-hour LP setting had no apparent digital artifacts on recorded TV. It also has a Flex-mode option I haven't tried yet in which you tell it how long to record and it will fit the recording to the freespace available on the disk at the highest possible quality. Probably would be good for recording a TV movie. It's too bad other vendors haven't adopted the -RAM format because most of the features on this box only work on that kind of media, but it won't play on most other equipment. The other formats seem lame by comparison, but this unit can play and record on them. Watching one show while another is recording (or the same show that's recording, but from the beginning) is very easy to do. Most of the operations are very sensible and explained on-screen pretty well, but you should spend some time in the manual if you've never had a dvd recorder before. It can do a lot of stuff. One interesting feature is that no matter what input you are using, the signal is sent through the s-video output. It can't burn music CD's which seems like it would have been a trivially easy feature to add. That and a battery backup (so I won't lose my schedule) and wider angle of view for the remote sensor would required get the fifth review star 
Do not waste your money, this was under recommendations, but I would NOT recommend this with your Creative Zen. My daughter purchased this after saving up for an MP3 player, this just does not seem to give enough power, we plug it in and 12 hours later it is still charging. Plug the MP3 into the computer USB and it is done in less than 2 hours. It may work fine for some other things but not the Creative Zen. It would cost more to return and they will only exchange it, so guess we are just eating the cost and S H. I should have read the reviews before; would have seen that you get what you pay for, don't waste your money 
Overall, I like this surge protector and would buy it again. I bought it primarily because of the 11 outlets, six of which are spaced out to accommodate big brick-style transformer plugs. I did a lot of digging to find the surge protector that had the most outlets in this configuration, and this unit always came up. It has worked just fine for the month or so I've owned it. I particularly appreciate the angled plug, which allows you to use the second plug in a wall outlet without a problem. I only have two quibbles with the APC--the color and the stiffness caused by the plug-activated safety shutters. Plugging and unplugging cords requires some force to overcome the safety shutters, which could be a problem if you are trying to get something plugged or unplugged while the unit is in an awkward position or hard-to-reach location. On a much more minor note, the black unit and cord stand out quite a bit against light-colored walls and carpets, even when tucked behind a desk. I don't use the phone or coax plugs, so I don't know if my unit has the problem (or "feature") other reviewers have reported with Internet signal degradation 
The card lasted about 3 months then just died. I'm disappointed considering the cost. When it was working it seemed to have better range than my builtin centrino web access card. I don't know if I got a lemon but now I have to check the warranty. 
This is the second G15 keyboard I've purchased, not because the first one broke, because it's such a great keyboard. Now I keep one at home, and take one with me when I go LANning. The only issue with the keyboard is the LCD is pretty useless is fast paced FPS games, otherwise it's good for keeping the clock up so one doesn't lose track of the time 
These radios look nice but there are some problems here. First the batteries do not last long unless you do not talk. Second the biggest problem for me was uncompatibility with other radios and brands. The receive quality is very poor and hard to understand at times. I also hace a T7200 and the difference is like night and day. The 7200 is the best. The 7400 i believe is an has flaws and that is why you see them priced so low. I paid $24.00 on ebay and also have seen the set at home depot clearance for $44.00 today. What good is any radio if you cant understand what someone is saying? Good try motorola but this is a poor product.NOT RECOMMENDED TO PURCHASE 
I needed a simple solution for my office. I wanted to be able to use the phone, but not get tied down by the handset, or the headset. Here was my solution, Since the TS105B has the 2.5mm port for a headset, I purchased a Jabra A210 Bluetooth adapter along with this phone and used one of my spare bluetooth headset to stay on conference calls and yet be able to move around my office. So far... WOW!!! its worked out great. The phone is also good by itself, plus it was inexpensive through AMAZON. For anyone interested in going the route I took... you will not be disappointed. Oh yes... you are limited to about 25 ft, or in my case as I work in a hospital where there are alot of other signals and lead lined walls... 15ft with max length at about 20 before you begin to hear static. The phone was a great buy, as was the Jabra A210 adapter. 
I've had it for over a month now and it works as well as I expected it to work. I was expecting random quirks here and there as I continued using it, but none whatsoever 
After 3 hours of banging my head against a wall I finally called Tech Support. They finally figured out that this is not compatible with multi-function computers. You can learn that on their support website but no-where in the standard documentation that comes with it 
One of the least expensive ways out there to raise your computer screen to eye level. I am 6'3, so when I sit I am still pretty high in the air. With this stand I am able to sit with great posture and look straight ahead to my screen. I would definitely suggest getting one of these if you've ever thought about raising your monitor up off the desk 
...for a surge protector. But as far as I can tell, it's doing its job. Plus it looks kind of neat 
My very first cell phone was Motorola, and it served me great, so I became attached to the brand based on that experience ,and for that reason alone bought Motorola SD4591 Digital Corded/Cordless System. As we've put the wireless network in house the cordless phone started playing tricks. The battery life got very short very soon too. I was told I need to get different batteries NiH instead of NiCD. Naturally the microwave was playing the tricks on cordless too. As we have two lines in house and was told by several people to move to 5.8Hz 2 line phone I decided to get Motorola MD7091 5.8GHz Digital 2-line Phone and remained loyal to Motorola. And boy was I wrong again. What others are saying about caller ID not showing as soon as I have another phone on the same line besides Motorola MD 7091 is true in my case too. I don't get it does Motorola expect us to switch phones to their system now around the house if we want to used one of their phones??? This is really cheap trick Naturally, I could blame all this on poor quality of NiCD batteries, Wireless Network, Microwaves and phone company, and other brands' phones connected to my line. But what is the common thread through the entire ordeal: MOTOROLA. I will give other brands a try now, not yet sure which ones 
I was paranoid about having buyer's remorse from this unit. For such a cheap price I was sure I would end up regretting the purchase. What is the tradeoff? Shoot if know, but I haven't regretted buying it one bit. The receiver is perfect for home theater, particularly DD 5.1 shows. There is absolutely no discernable speaker hiss with digital content, which is important for TV watching that has a high range of both loud and silent moments. As for power, it's not an even match with some of the more power hungry and expensive analog amplifiers out there, but it easily crosses the threshold of annoying the neighbors. Digital is something to get used to. On conventional receivers, you turn the sound up high and it becomes somewhat sloppy, or what some call "warm". Not so with the digital Panny. It's distortion free up to very high levels. I wouldn't call it bright, but the response is very linear and precise. I like hearing all the details in music and cinema, even at loud volume. Others don't. The weaknesses are very minor: -The FM tuner is nothing special. -It lacks fancy DSP modes of expensive receivers. -No fancy on screen display (must do most of the tweaking with knobs) -It does not upconvert video. -The remote control is an el cheapo. For this price, though, who cares 
About 1 year after having this remote to go along with my Phillips DVD player the remote conked out. The buttons, while almost all responsive, will not sync up with the systems anymore, and the learning feature on the remote control seems to be defunct. You get what you pay for, I suppose 
The unit works fine as a Bluetooth Radio. The software and drivers!!!! do not install properly at all!!! I am a network administrator pretty savvy about PCs - i could not come up with any scenario to get the software to work!!! Save your money and just buy the unit - forget the software 
Excellent sound, much much much........ better that the one that comes with any players, Zens or ipod. For those that have ever used safety earplugs in the industry, they feel like them and really isolate the noises. After that the sound is excellent compare to many others and amazon offers a very good price here. also good to have 3 sizes. 2 pairs of each + airplane adapter, case, cleaner, very good product. 
The first thing I did when opening this item was check to make sure it actually WAS an Apple product. Its REALLY cheap looking. Looks like something you'd find for [...] at a flea market or in the "stocking stuffers" section of the dollar store at Christmas time. The Nano is small so almost anything will hold it, including a rubber band and an envelope which is about as good as this unit. This looks more like the freebie armband that should come free with the unit. Certainly not a [...] accessory. It just cheapens the Apple image. If OEM Apple products are your thing, then go ahead and try this. But if you're looking for something as sweet as your nano that stays put while you workout, look for something else. I'm returning mine this weekend to spend my money elsewhere. 
I bought these for my dvd player. They work wonderfully! The old analog cables that came with the dvd player looked alright but [didn't measure up}. These monster cables definately enhance the sound of my dvd movies, especially the dialogue. The old cables that I had made my movies sound a bit muffled. But the monster cables intensified the clarity from the dvd player to my reciever. For those of us who cannot afford 5 speaker digital surround sound, I would definately recommend these cables if you use regular 2 channel stereo for your movies or CDs 
The Fang is amazing!!!!! I just got it,theres nothing like it. The keyz are in the perfect spot to kill all your fellow gamers. all you need is the fang and a mouse and your good to go. you have to get this if you want to stand a chance in FPS games. 
This is a corded mouse; fits comfortably in your hand. Moves smoothly across table surface; works well on a mousepad as well if you need wrist support. Worked out of the box (except for the application button) for the different buttons on the mouse. The Internet buttons allow for a page forward/ back with your thumb. There are also line up/down buttonw above and below the scroll wheel that allow for more control in scrolling. The scroll wheel feel good, better than some other mice I have used. I opted to use the native Windows XP mouse driver, so the application button does not work, but the Windows taskbar is not much of a hardship :-); and I prefer not to clutter up my system with another set of marginal utility software 
I have been using the Palmone Navigator with my TX for about eight weeks. Most of my comments are based on a comparison with the built-in navigation system in my Lexus. Software installation is fairly easy. However, you need at least a 256 MB SD card to load more than a couple of states; I recommend a 1 or 2 GB card. While the concept of a TX doubling as a navigation device is intriguing, the realty of it is rather sobering. It is a cool toy, but if you have to plan routes for your job or any other meaningful purpose, this is NOT the right product. The pros are: - Inexpensive in comparison to built-ins und stand-alone products - Unit can be used in different locations and cars and even while walking - One device serves multiple purposes The cons are: - It can take up to several minutes after starting the unit to acquire a satellite signal. This is not the case with my car's OEM navigation system. - The maps are outdated and not as precise as the OEM nav system: I live in Phoenix, AZ and my neighborhood (built seven years ago) as well as most of the freeways I take to work and back don't exist on the software. More recent updates are not available (I checked the Tomtom website). - Navigation is often not precise enough (e.g. it tells me to make a left in 50 yards, when I have already passed the intersection where it wants me to make a left). I never have this problem with the built-in navigation. - Look-up function for addresses and phone numbers is clumsy and doesn't display actual address until you map it. - It tends to freeze at least a couple times a day, requiring a soft reset. - Lost connections to the satellite receiver or lost satellite signals also tend to disrupt the navigation on longer trips with stops. Overall, the unit is too unreliable to be used as your only navigational aid. If you need navigation to get to your travel destination, you are better off with a stand-alone unit. I truly wish I had better things to say about this device since I really like the concept, but the reality just doesn't match the marketing. 
It's Logitech...it should have a built in Microphone. instead there's a small head set. don't buy this. spend a little more for a built in microphone 
Netgear clearly has not figured out how to make their RangeMax adapter work well with the Microsoft XP operating system. If you're not a techie, I'd stay away until Microsoft has certified the WPN311. Here's what I experienced: 1. Installed using the Netgear WPN311 automated configuration. 2. After installation completion and boot up, CPU utilization was at a solid 100%. Executable from Netgear named WLANCFG5.EXE taking up a bunch of the CPU and Microsoft routines CSRSS.EXE, NET.EXE, and NET1.EXE taking the rest. 3. Emailed Netgear and received response to use Task Manager to delete WLANCFG5.EXE. Did so for all users. 4. Hey! CPU utilization returned to normal! 5. Sent next email to Netgear pointing out that this solution is just a "patch" and WLANCFG5 would return when I re-booted. 6. Received response to de-install and re-install software for WPN311. 7. Did so, but then Netgear adapter software could not find my MIMO wireless router! And usage of the Netgear adapter software doesn't allow you to use the Microsoft Wireless Zero Configurator (WZC). 8. Went to microsoft.com and looked up error 871122 "Error message when you try to run the Wireless Network Setup Wizard" and followed the instruction to allow usage of WZC. 9. Then able to add my wireless router and everything is ok. The functionality works great. It's the getting there that's not too pretty good..... 
I guess for $50, this is an ok product. I am usually very against monster products, but I'd seen this for almost double at big box retailers, needed a surge protector for my new DLP tv, so figured what the heck. It arrived without incident, I hooked it up and so far so good. It basically a power strip with labels that also happens to be purple... for the "neato" effect I guess. Anyways, no idea if its worth more than your run of the mill surge protector. But the claims of independent circuitry to minimize cross-interference is what I was really interested in, as I have my reciever, cable box, DVD player, and subwoofer all connected... All in all a good buy I guess, at least you paid a lot less than retail... : 
While the price of the 8 in 1 card reader is reasonable, consider this. This card reader has a nasty habit of rendering smart media card useless. Evidently, if you cut and paste or delete data on the SM card using thee 8 in 1 card reader, the reader rewrites the signature file so that it cannot be read by the camera. So that $24 card has the potential to cost you over $80.00. In addition, customer service is slow and I have had problems with the drivers 
Wow! Now I can transfer all I have in my PC to my cellphone. It's awesome... I need no cable to transfer stuff from my PC to my cellphone and from my cellphne to my PC. You can get this item in a very special price. Get it!! 
I bought the Cruzer Micro not knowing that it came with the U3 Launch Pad software preloaded. As soon as I tried to use it on my computer at work, the company's anti-virus/firewall decided it was an intruder, preventing it from working at all. I was ticked... I had almost given up on it and was actually shopping around for another USB drive that had no software on it, when I ran into a website that lets you download an uninstaller for the U3 Launch Pad. I downloaded it, ran it and it took no more than 15 seconds to clean out the offending U3 garbage! Now I like my Micro Cruzer all over again! Oh yeah... the website to uninstall yours at is: [... 
I agree with the previous review. This phone cord worked twice. Now, it only retracts about half way, and keeps getting worse. I'm returning it for a refund. Don't waste your time with this 
My company car has a built-in GPS unit and I have gotten to like it, sort-of. I have gotten lost in a rental car trolling around Silicon Valley enough to get a portable GPS unit. After some research, the Garmin iQue 3600 is what I ended up with and I paid about $700. The unique feature of this portable GPS unit is that a PalmPilot comes integrated into the package. I use a PalmPilot, so this GPS unit replaces my PalmV. Installation was quite awkward, and getting it up and running was a chore. I got the thing synced up and some maps loaded and have been using it for several months now. It does do the job, fitfully, and has several glaring issues. Most irritating, the Palm function and the GPS function are not seamlessly integrated. If an address is entered in the Palm part and then route to this address is selected, the iQue 3600 makes you find the location. But the address from the Palm section doesn't transfer cleanly into the find section and you must retype the address. I'm left-handed and graffiti has NEVER worked for me all my letters are drawn backward. The GPS can be engaged as soon as it recognizes where you want to go, but my unit takes a good 5-10 minutes to find the satellites when first exposed to sky. This means that I must have a good idea what to do for the first 5-10 minutes. Sometimes I just drive randomly until the GPS locks in and starts to issue navigation orders. Also, the antenna must be deployed to get any GPS reception and must be forward enough in the windshield to see sky. This is OK, except that the iQue 3600 doesn't tell you that the antenna has not been deployed. The iQue 3600 does not work propped up on the passenger seat so a 5 pound holder is necessary to hold the unit on the dashboard. If the antenna is not deployed, the iQue 3600 simply doesn't navigate and doesn't tell you why. Worse, it acts stupid by going into a dangerous and unhelpful simulate mode. If I ever figure out what that means, Ill tell you in a future post. I figured out the antenna problem the hard way in an ice storm outside of Ottawa. I'm a fan of GUI design, and I must say that the UI here is very, very bad. Not the worse I have ever seen, but very bad: non-intuitive, inconsistent, and arbitrary. The FIND function/button has an entirely different function in the GPS section from the Palm section. Of course, the same icon is used. I cannot imagine grandma using this thing to navigate. What little there is of the very pretty documentation is atrocious. About 10 times more information is needed here. It shuts down randomly on occasion for no apparent purpose (Battery savings maybe?). The secure digital card is too small (max of 256MB), so you can't put more than a few California counties in the memory. Maps storage is managed with a rather hostile GUI. This is not fatal, but is irritating. I would rather put a 1GB SD card in the iQue 3600 and be done with it. The iQue 3600 burns too much power to be used as a portable, so it must always be tethered to the car or resting in the cradle. I don't find the power issue to be a problem. I understand that to get clear, bright screens it is necessary to use power. I agree with the tradeoff here. 
I bought this in April for my new Canon 30D and it worked great until several months ago. When I would go back to scroll through the recently taken pictures on my camera it would start saying "Data Corrupted". It started out slowly then it would lose every third picture. I tried to reformat the card and got an error message. Now my camera does not recognize it nor does the camera software on my computer. It was a wonderful card while it lasted but I too am hesitate to get another one. Hopefully mine was a lemon too.....but then again 
I had this adapter running in my the Cardbus slot of my Windows 98 computer and it ran fine. I installed it on my Windows 2000 laptop. Well, my first sign of trouble was a warning popup when I installed the drivers that the drivers were not certified by Microsoft. So, imagine my shock when my brand new computer constantly got Blue Screen of Death (BSOD) crashes. Big blue screen, loss of data, computer freezes tight, power button inoperative, and when you have to use a pin to press that tiny little laptop reset button on a brand new computer, well, we all know that's when you're in Computer Hell. I'm a Microsoft Certified Professional so I was able to narrow down the source of the problem. After definitely identifying the FA511 as the culprit, I contacted Netgear's online tech support. And that's when things really started to get ugly. It took forever for Netgear to finally give me an answer. This was after days of inactivity, wildly inappropriate responses, and repeatedly requesting same information from me. Finally, Netgear escalated the problem to their next level of tech support and I was shocked to read their solution: "This is a Windows issue regarding permissions and ***16 BIT*** compatibility mode" While they were vague as to the exact nature of the problem, and contradicted themselves as to whether compatibility mode had to be enabled or disabled, their solution was straightforward: I was directed to a Microsoft Knowledge Base article which tells you how to enable Compatibility Mode - and for 16-bit compatibility mode I had to make my nice clean Windows 2000 computer compatible with Windows 95 (yes, ninety-five). So, while the FA511 hardware is a 32-bit Cardbus adapter, apparently their drivers are 16-bit!!! No wonder the FA511 was never certified for Windows 2000. And I wouldn't trust it for Windows XP either. There are other Ethernet adapters out there by 3COM, Belkin, Linksys, SMC, and Xircom that work flawlessly with Windows 2000/XP by companies that will respond to your questions. Go get them. Avoid the FA511 
I am somewhat computer savvy - I understand the the IP address assigned in installation needs to match what my own router assigned for an ip address. They don't match and I can't figure out how to change it. I called Netgear 4 days ago for help and they said their "senior tech" would have to call me back. Still waiting for that call. Back to Staples it goes. The installation appeared successful, but whenever I try to print, it says "error - printer is busy" The so-called instruction manual for this is laughable. IF you're not an advance level IT person, don't try it 
Great looking keyboard. Unfortunately all it takes is one minor spill and the keyboard is destroyed. That includes cleaning. And don't think you are ever going to take it apart and dry it. The keyboard self destructs after you have the, count them, 10s and 10s of screws. I called their customer support. They weren't like DELL, nobody is that bad, but their resolution was to buy a new one from them for 50% off their retail price. shipping was extra. So you save maybe $10 off street prices. All-in-all they are no longer the good company they were in the past. They need competition. So I'm pulling out my old logitech from retirement. Too bad they don't make those old keyboards anylonger 
We replaced a tape unit with this one and are so pleased. No more waiting for the tape to rewind and this one keeps the messages once played until you remove them. Also very accurate on time. We love it! 
I bought this product less than a year ago. 2 days ago, I locked my laptop and tried to unlock it. But I couldn't. It was somehow messed up and the combination did not work. I HAD TO CUT IT!!! I don't know how it got messed up but I'm sure that it was not study enough to last long 
I ordered this radio back in May and I still don't have them. It is now September. I have exchanged several emails with Amazon, the first one I received a very nice but untrue reply. The second response was borderline rude but at least honest, they told me that they don't have the product and don't know when they will. If you are looking for something to use now, don't waste your time with ordering this radio 
I work in a computer lab where we constantly re-image devices (using Norton Ghost). I have 3 laptops and 1 DELL GX620 desktop and all of them have Gigabit connection. When I connected those 4 to this switch and run the imaging process simultaneous, I get the same performance (0 differences) as I run 1 laptop to the GX620. This testing was done with Cat5 cables that I pick randomly from my lab. I can't wait to add more devices and using Cat6 cables to get my work done faster 
The Voice recorder meets all my expectations and more Easy to use, easy to transfer great results 
Panasonic makes good quality products and this is no exception. Easy to use, very compact, no interference with cordless usage 
This works well, allows you to view imported photos, but it is a slow proccess best left for the hotel room. Just plan on taking plenty of batteries and the charger for your ipod. 
These were expensive..... These are a P. O. S. If you dont know what POS is google it, because I cant say it on amazon. Basically, the layer has an OFFSET. The layers do not match in position. This will give you CRC errors if you have a file which is directly on a layer break, or at the end of the disk. DO NOT BUY, I REPEAT, DO NOT BUY. IM NOT SURE WHY MEMOREX HASNT RECALLED THEIR CRUMMY PRODUCT 
Awesome product for the price. You need to get a SMALL ring (like from a key fob from a car) to use it on your own key ring 
~I bought the MVSV3-1m cable and put it between my Pioneer V555 DVD player and SONY WEGA tv KV-27FS12, I was unable to see with my naked eyes any improvement regading the visual quality, color, sharpness. Same as the result as I used the composite cable came with the box. I really don't know why. I have to say, my TV is a good one and the picture quality is already satisfactory even I don't use DVD player. Unfortunately my DVD player does not have component jack to let me try the next level video~~ experience. I don't want to say this expensive cable is a poor one, I was just unable to verify its alledged ultra high performance. we just don't have a benchmark to evaluate it. 
It's not often I find a product that's as disappointing as this. The interference problem is very serious and makes most conversations a pain. Moving around the house and outside of the house, standing on your head holding the phone at a 45 angle, etc., are part of the daily ritual in trying to hold a legibible conversation. But that's not the bad part. The bad part, as at least one other reviewer has noted, is that each of the phones constantly reports a "low charge" message or something similar. This in spite of the fact that we make minimal use of the phones and leave them in the charger most of the time. The only solution I've found is to take the battery out of phone and put it back in. Then it will work for a day or two. I suppose it could be just the batteries. But if so then we were shipped batteries that were already on life-support. I read a few good reviews of this phone, and of course there are a number right here. But out experience has been the opposite. The phones have been nothing other than a pain 
This is an excellent product. If you drive a delivery vehicle or are in route sales this product is for you. I am in route sales and use my laptop every minute of the day. I have an extensive territory and found it difficult to find certain places. The Garmin GPS 18 plugs right into the USB port and is powered by the computer so no need for additional attachments. I'll admit "NROUTE" took a little getting used to (for example it has a list of all the streets and names of places so if it isnt on the list you're not going to find it) but once you figure out how it works its easy as pie. Instead of spelling Hoover Street you just type Hoover and it will give you a list of the possible locations. A great buy for only 100 bucks! If you use a laptop in your vehicle and are in need of GPS, dont spend $500 on a 2 inch screen unit when you can get an awesome GPS sensor for only $100 
A lot of space -- My computer is over 5yrs old so I use these CD's as a great back up for storing all my old documents, my ebooks, and my pics. 
Sound quality is very good, and I haven't run out of battery so far. The base is somewhat smaller than what I expected from the pictures. The handsets are well designed; on my previous phone it happened that the "mute" function became engaged when I kept the phone between my head and my shoulders - this did not happen with these so far. Speakerphone on the base is a nice feature and makes the phone usable even during power outages. Answering machine works well. Easy to copy phonebook entries between phones. 
camera works great! the first one I ordered did not function correctly but Amazon promptly replaced it. resolution is good and audio is a great bonus that works very well. a great feature for me that I found was not available on all other devices was the ability to have video stored on a network folder. additionally, there is no software required to run this 
Never been game player much since pong-Purhcased BF2 last December for the PC and loved it. Flying was limited though-util I purchased my G7 from NE and have been enjoying MUCHO fast speeds, easily adjusted, and for internet parusing it has a built in back button. Have to change out battery every two days but gives plenty of warning and is always charged when I need to replace. Absolutely the best mouse I have ever owned. 
DO NOT BELIEVE THE POSITIVE REVIEWS!!!!!!!Like most of the other reviews- THIS CASE SCRATCHED MY IPOD---BAD!!! Too bad I didn't read all of these reviews before I purchased the case. I wonder if Contour Designs is going to blow me off when I contact them TODAY(11-1-05)......... 
I ordered this charger a month ago. Since, they've sent me three chargers all the same, all wrong. They've sent me the shuffle charger three times in a row. Don't waste your money on this product, for a few bucks more you can get a company that will actually send you the right product the first time 
Mine actually works and I still hate it. I haven't had all the problems others are complaining about. ---I run Windows XP SP2 had no problems compatability. ---Signal strength is fine. ---I had no problem installing on one computer....except that I installed the card before running the CD, just like every other card or peripheral I have ever installed. I've never seen one that didn't allow you to install hardware before drivers. So I had to take it out, run CD and put back in. Just a minor annoyance that cost 10 minutes. But c'mon Linksys why the special order? Most people that are willing to open the computer and install a card don't need instructions to know "take card and put in slot" and "insert disc", so they don't look at them. At least they put a warning sticker about the installation order on the disk cover for us non-direction readers. Annoying but no stars deducted for this. ---Told Mom to buy one (this was before I had installed mine). Installed easy and it worked fine at first. Now it connects to router but can't find internet (yes other computers connect to net through this router just fine). Would think maybe firewall setting issue??? but I used to work then just stopped. C'mon Linksys if your connected to the router how hard it is to find the internet. Deduct 1 star. ---Stupid software only supports hexidecimal passwords. Of course my router also support standard alphabet and my password had some G-Z letters, so I had go change network password and update all devices attached to the network. C'mon Linksys how hard it is to support A-Z. Annoying but no stars deducted. ---SLOW SLOW SLOW SLOW TO CONNECT!!!! On my other computers you hit connect and are online in 5-10 seconds. This thing takes 30 seconds to a minute. Impatient, yes. But still unacceptable. Deduct 1 star. ---Can't hibernate or sleep computer or card disables. Only way to get it turned on again is to reboot. So it's either leave computer on all day long, or reboot everytime I want go online. Deduct 1 stars. --Overall bad product. Deduct one star 
This little charger works great. It is the second one of it's kind that I have purchased. The last one took a lot of abuse and therefore I needed to replace it. Would buy it again. Charges quickly and is quite handy 
Sound output is terrible, you can't hear it in a car or airplane(with high quality, noise cancelling earphones). When I called customer service they told me it was not intended for use in a car or airplane. Picture is very good, but I have heard better sound from much cheaper players. Don't waste your money 
The Tomtom has great features. But I returned mine. First, the maps are very dated. This makes it iffy at best. It has terrific potential, if it worked. You can use a PDA stylus on the map sitting at home outside on batteries to plan a trip. It's amazing. But I wanted to plan a 600 mile trip myself using it's internal maps and waypoints. But I tried a local test first. I used roads as waypoints, main roads. This way I can force the Tomtom to use MY routes. I did not like it's choices, since it is a dated map database. I set up a local route, and started to follow it. It took me to the first road/waypoint no problem. But it would not go past the first waypoint. I would go down the road (first waypoint) then it would tell me to take a u turn!. I did. Then it said take another u turn. It had me going in circles. Perhaps it's not made to use roads as waypoints, but all indications it gave were that it would. The manual was no help. Support was no help. So it went back. I have ordered a Garmin i2. Hope this is ok. I have taken the same trip from SE FL USA to SC USA with a Garmin C330. The Garmin has maps that you cannot update, but got me to my destination no problem. I don't recommend this TomTom. Do research. Go to manufactures websites and look at unit manuals. Hope this helps 
You bought the IPOD Nano basically for its looks. Buy this for the same reason. Its so cute and fits your Nano exactly as you wish. I bought an item from another company and though it was cheaper, it looked dirty on my computer table. This one has the "Apple" look 
I bought it with my Linksys WRT54GS Wireless-G Broadband Router with SpeedBooster. The software installation procedure is really poor. When I ran the software first few times it constantly gave me error messages (can't remember what they were) so I had to reinstall it 2-3 time till it settled down finally. Then I set up the network settings with my router and scanned for the access point (Infrastructure) but it couldn't find anything even though the router was only 5-7 feet away! At one point it managed to connect to the router but it was still searching for the internet connectivity.. After several minutes it couldn't find anything and disconnected from the router. I knew there was nothing wrong the router or internet because I inserted my old Belkin adapter and it connected straight away! Don't waste your money on this. If you wanna get a router, get the one I've got which is quite good. If you want a WiFi Adapter then get Belkin F5D7010 Wireless 54Mbps Notebook Adapter. I couldn't find any 108g adapters by them but this one is really good. http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B000085BCX/qid=1125546516/sr=8-5/ref=pd_bbs_unbuck_5/002-4891207-7082407?v=glance=electronics=17259 
This headset is everything that I hoped it would be and the seller rates 100 
I use the pink circles to buff the cd/dvd, and it leaves the circular marks all over the cd, as I thought it would. Well, I thought that those marks would disappear after I used the repair paste with the yellow circles, but they're still there. Is it supposed to be like this? The reason I bought the thing was to make the cds look like new, but now they just look even more scratched with the buffer marks all over. Could someone answer this question for me please 
This seller COMPUTER BRAIN is charging $20.18 to ship these ink cartridges...I knew the price was too good to be true... Beware 
I got these batteries just over a few months ago for my portable GPS unit that I use often on my travels. In fact, I bought eight of them (two packs of 4). I was upgrading from my previous set of 1600mAh Rayovac NiMH AA batteries that were still going strong after 2 years. When I saw the new energizer 2500mAh rechargeables I was excited to purchase them thinking they would last longer than my old 1600mAh Rayovacs. Boy was I wrong! For 2-3 months, the 2500mAh energizers worked well. A charge lasted about 6-7 hours in my portable GPS unit. I was getting roughly 5.5-6 hours on my old 1600mAh Rayovac AA's. My GPS unit is spec'ed for 6 hours on a pair of AA's so the new 2500mAh energizers seemed to work flawlessly. Now they work okay and seem to be getting worse each time I charge them, appearing to hold less of a charge each time. For the last month or two (4th 5th month after their initial purchase) I'll be lucky if I can get 4-5 hours of use out of them in my portable GPS unit. I now get roughly 3.5-4 hours of use out of them. I pulled out and tried my old 1600mAh Rayovac AA's and once again got approximately 5.5-6 hours of use out of them in my GPS unit - and my trusty Rayovacs are just over 2 years old! I thought I might have had some defective energizers but I can't seem to get any pair of combinations to hold a decent charge. Charges just don't seem to last - it's really disappointing. I am going to look at another brand for high capacity 2500+ mAh NiMH batteries to replace my 1600mAh Rayovacs. Would be great if the energizer could hold its charge. But because they don't, I do not recommend the energizers to anyone 
I read about these headphones in a magazine and i was intrigued by the reviews. having a headphone fetish (odd, i know), i decided to order them seeing that they were relatively inexpensive.. this is a decision i am thoroughly glad i made. these little headphones are absolutely incredible and they even outmatch, in quality, my larger studio-size headphones i have at home. the bass is the best i've ever heard in a headphone, rich and deep and true. the mids and heights are also brilliantly emulated. the mere fact that it is portable with its own compact and innovative carrying case, means that you can take the excellent sound with you wherever you go. i definitely recommend these pones to anyone who values outstanding quality in their music and games.....5 stars 
I bought this so called "stereo" system at a Big Lot's Store for about $40.00. I figured since they were selling it there it must be a good deal, and it looked very cool too. It worked for about a month before it started skipping and remote was wigging out. It never sounded any better than one of those old plastic 45 record players. It looked good in my daughters bedroom but it lookes and sounds much better in the dumpster. I can't believe this company can get away with selling this worthless crap. I will never buy anything from them again 
I read the other reviews for these speakers so I had very high expectations. I can only say WOW! The premium price (compared with lesser 2.1 speaker systems) is absolutely justified 
Like the forward/back buttons but they are located too far back on the body for comfort. Like the scroll wheel and side-to-side scroll ability. Pointer flickers a lot sometimes and often disappears over certain buttons. Logitech website gives no help. Comes with an installation CD for a Logitech MX320 !!! Be prepared for a 50MB download to install the MX400. Almost makes Microsot look good 
For the most part I just want to keep it short. I usually always by Energizer cause they're reasonably priced and seem to last much MUCH longer then most other battery products that I have used in the past 
The den of horrors that is the Magellan car bracket requires you to have this power cord. If you don't then you will be fighting to change batteries and remount your GPS and that is no fun at all. I have used mine for over six months and it works without a hitch. A nice improvement would be a retractable cord facility so that you don't have excess cordage lying around your dashboard. Right now I loop the excess around the steering wheel but then again I never change the adjustment on the steering wheel so no problem with the wire getting caught up in the adjusting mechanism. Others may run into this problem. The alternative is a shorter wire but then it would make the power unit useless for some vehicles. A minor hitch but not earthshaking. 
This amplifier works as stated. Increased my modem downstream from -7 to +9. No obvious loss of noise ratio and upstream signals. All TV channels are much sharper! The cables came with the amplifier are two RG59 cable lines. For minimum loss of broadband signals, I suggest you replace one of them with R6 cable to carry the cable signals. Use the RG59 for the power supply only 
This printer was fine until I changed cartridges and a contact was dirty. Now it won't quit printing alignment pages all the time. I have about a million now, and its cost me a fortune in ink. Every 3 or 4 print jobs and I get another one. I've spent hours with technical support, who keep leading me through the same old song and dance, disconnect the usb cable, hit some buttons, print another page I don't need, and scan. Voila it works! Case finished. NO IT IS NOT. The tech support people don't speak English and it shows in their grammar and inability to understand that my problem seems to be a variant on what they have in their knowlege base. HP would do better to hire native English speakers. I'll never buy another HP printer. Oh, they print fine, that is, if you want a million alignment pages 
This is a fantastic home projector. I am a very picky electronics fan. This exceeded my expectations. The colors are RICH, bright great. Panasonic produces best colors. I own their camera, camcorder now this. I am going to buy their HDMI DVD playe 
I bought this battery pack for a 10 day trip to Italy and I am very happy with it. I never had to change my batteries once and I listened to it all the time. Reading other people's reviews I threw out the batteries it came with and used different ones and it worked great. The only complaint I have is the suction cups aren't that great. Several times my Ipod came off the suction cups and being on a plane with minimal room and people sitting next to me trying to get my ipod off the floor is not fun. Overall, I recommend this product. It is a little bulky, but if you're someone like me who cannot live without music, it's a great product to have if you aren't going to be able to charge your Ipod 
As a journalist, I need to tote around a microcassette recorder with me wherever I went. Now, with the Zen's microphone/recording feature, I'm able to use it to record my interviews, and it's easier to transcribe because of its clear, crisp recording quality. You can also play .avi files, so unlike iPod users, there's no need to convert them in order to view them. Many might find it a bit bulky compared to the new iPod, but with its added features, it's a small flaw that's easy to overlook. 
I love this printer. I purchased it to print 8X10s from my digital camera. The ink doesn't fade over time like my HP did. 
The card failed after 23 pictures. Amazon credited me with a full purchase price credit to my credit card account 
They totally misrepresent this product. It does not work with Macs. I feel cheated and lied to by Memorex, shame on you 
I wanted a case that was small, slim, and just carried the laptop. Perfect! I have a briefcase for files. I didn't need anything bulky. This case was exactly what I was looking for, for the right price. I have a new Gateway Tablet P.C. and with the larger battery and battery placement, this is a snug fit, but at least I know the computer isn't loose inside. I really like this case 
The box says you can either "power" or "charge" your iPod with the Powerjolt. To me, "power" means listening to the iPod while it is plugged in to the Powerjolt. However, there is an overwhelming amount of buzz and static when the iPod is playing while connected to the Powerjolt. Maybe this thing works ok to "charge" while the iPod is not playing, but it is not an acceptable way to "power" the iPod while it is playing. 
Ive had this unit for over a 1+ year and ran into problems with reception it would drop signal and it would eventual come back. I found out that this unit had a defect and the xm rep said I could get a replacement for $50!!! They didnt figure to tell anybody about this? If this is true I would not recommend XM Radio at all. Thanks John 
Do not waste your money on this product!! Whilst Amazon has a very good price for it, the headset is junk! I tried two different sets and both had a terrible hum. The hum was audible at all jacks in the house and on two different phone lines. It could be heard by the other party and made my hearing the other party nearly impossible. I work for the phone company and have used headsets over the past 25 years with no problmes. This set is very poor quality and not worth the money. 
The over-the-air picture is crisp, colors are bright and the size is just right. Pretty good viewing angle as well 
Before I bought this device, I was trying to enjoy the "Hearts of Space" website, "This American Life" and other NPR shows available for online streaming. Only problem was, I didn't like being shackled to my computer in order to hear them. I did some research on the internet, read a lot of reviews and ultimately decided on the Logitech Wireless Music System. I would like to echo all the positive comments recorded here. It was indeed quite fast and easy to set up. No lengthy manuals to read (thank goodness.) I did not find it necessary to load the CD software that came with the device. If I want to listen through the stereo, I plug in the USB. If I want to listen through the computer, I simply unplug the USB. It's very simple. I am 100% satisfied with the sound quality. I would not be able to tell the difference between FM radio and the online streaming. However, I do have to turn up my stereo about twice as loud when I am sending internet audio streams to it using this device, than when I am listening to a CD or the radio. On my stereo (which isn't fancy), this does not cause diminished sound quality, so I'm perfectly OK with it. I just have to remember to turn down the volume before switching back to CD or radio listening. If you are wondering whether the device will be compatible with your stereo, check for two things. First, your stereo has to have a set of two holes side-by-side that are for the twin plugs generally colored white and red. I'm sorry I do not know the technical names for these things, but there's a picture of the red-and-white plugs on this Amazon page in the Manufacturer's "Product Description" section (just scroll up until you see it.) Second, your stereo has to have a button that will let you switch to "Auxiliary" input. My stereo has this, but my portable CD player/cassette player/radio (AKA boom box) does not. If it is important to you to be able to use this on a portable player you can carry around the house and/or outside, be sure to check your player for these two things. Overall I am very satisfied and quite happy with the product 
I bought 1 40 pack of these disks so that I could create a set of Windows 95 setup disks. They worked to install windows once and then they all started dying. I went to run Windows setup and got halfway through and got a "cannot read from device" error. After that I ran scandisk on all of them and only 1 disk didnt have bad sectors. A few of the disks had bad sectors in the system area rendering them unformattable. I advise anybody who reads this to steer clear of these cute little disks unless you want to use them as christmas ornaments 
I assumed all tape adapters were comparable. This one worked fine for 1 week. Then it sporadically ejected itself from the tap deck. A few days later it broke completely and is now jammed in my tape deck. The tape deck on my car stereo is now broken as is the Macally Podtape. I would buy another a different brand of adapter, but I no longer have a tape deck that works in my car. My worst purchase on Amazon to date. 
ipods are the leading sellers of portable players and everybody knows that but guess what ipod does not support the leading and best quality video format divx and avi hmm thats kinda retarded no? if any of you out there use file sharing programs such as limewire or any torrent programs if u download any of those videos the best ones and the majority are divx and avi too bad for you unless ur willing to sit around for an hour or two and convert your video to mpeg4. Also the video you convert may have a few complications, the audio and video may not be sychronized...at all and for those of you who have already purchased this piece of garbage im sorry and i have great sympathy for you so if ud like a program that will convert ur video for free and results in pretty good quality go to download.com and search for jodix video converter. This is not from speculations I have experienced this all myself with my own purchase of the video ipod and was a decision i regreted. Suggestion check out the creative zen vision M sure it may be thicker but the price is amazing for its features and conveniences of transfering files into it 
I use my USB hub every day and it works fine with every device I plug into it 
I am very happy with this mouse and would recommend it to everyone. It looks good, but more importantly, it feels good. Button placement, weight, smoothness, everything was done well. Coming from wired mice, the lack of a wire is very freeing. I am also especially happy with how small the USB radio receiver is. I am using this mouse on a laptop and love how inobtrusive it is. What's strange is I bought the S 530 desktop set for Mac at the same time. The mouse in that set looks nearly identical (except for color). However, it has a different weight and simply doesn't feel quite as comfortable to use. It only fits the hand the same but once you move it, it lacks the same comfort and ease of use as this mouse 
Recently bought a Analog Big Screen TV. Switched from S-Video to Component cables. There is a big difference. The picture looks more film like with Component cables. Do not hesitate to upgrade. Stay away from cheap Wally World brands. You get what you pay for. The S-Video cable I used was Monster Cable M1000 sv 
Replaced first spindle and still junk. Will always stick with Verbatim from now on 
I am on my third drive now, thanks to the first two breaking. Sony sent me the 720UL as a replacement for my 710UL, but it's the same drive with the exception of some faster burn times and the 720UL doesn't support MAC OS. The Sony Service Center in Manning, IA gave me a huge runaround... first they agreed to pay for return shipping on the second defective drive. Then they called me back 2 hours later and refused to pay for the shipping. What a joke. Good drive when it works, but may god have mercy on you if it breaks after the return period. 
I recently purchased this item from Amazon. What I received was version 2 of this modem. The current version on the Linksys site is version 4. As a Cox customer, the results of my purchase were unsatisfactory. I will be returning this and purchasing the version 4 Linksys from another vendor 
We are very satisfied with our purchase. This phone system is great and very easy to use. Super clarity, volume, etc. Also, super fast shipping from Amazon. I chose Super Saver shipping and it arrived in less than 24 hours 
BAD DISC ERROR - possible fix After about 8 months just like the other reviewer it stopped working. I kept getting bad disc error on a new DVD I bought. I tried good discs that worked before but now got the same Bad Disc error. This is not the first time I had problems loading. Previously, unplugging and plugging it in again sometimes corrected the problem. This time after two weeks of Bad Disc errors, I was about to toss it when I decided what the heck, I'll check inside to see if it's dirty or something. FIRST I UNPLUGGED THE UNIT. I removed the 6 screws holding the cover. You may have to pull the sides out a bit if it catches to lift it off. With my expertise knowledge. *eyeroll* I nudged the lense mechanism. It apparently slides to read the discs. I plugged the DVD in and loaded a disc again to see what happens. The lense slid under the tray and started reading the disc. I'll take the elation of dumb luck over the satisfaction calculated knowledge any day! lol So hopefully this will last a little longer. But at least I can use it again for now ... I am downrating it to 2 stars solely on the bad disc error. The viewing quality and performance is decent and covered by other reviewers 
These batteries are NOT sold by Amazon. They are sold by an Amazon re-seller called Electrogalaxy. Please read the reviews of this company before purchasing. I do not recommend this company due to their poor return policy and terrible customer service. You have been officially warned. DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM ELECTROGALAXY 
I've had a set of these batteries for a year or two now. The last few times I've taken them out for vacation use in camera, I've had the same problem: I charge two sets (one Kodak and one these Energizers) when I put the camera away. A few weeks later, I go off on vacation. The Kodak 1600mAh set will last me all day on the charge from a month or so before. The Energizer 2500mAh set might last me half a day, having lost most of its charge from sitting for the same number weeks before use. After missing out on some pics on my latest trip due to dead batteries, I'd had enough. The Energizers are going in the bin, and I just followed the good reviews to buy a set of Duracells to replace them. 
I was looking for comfy earphones to replace my Phillips one I got awhile back cos the rubber coating had fallen off and I stumbled on this one. I was a bit skeptical about the volume control thinking it would give out after a few times of sliding up and down but it works wonderfully and is so light and responsive to touch as well as being sturdy. I started out using the foam that came with it but that proved to be a bother and pretty much useless as the plastic earbuds are comfy enough. And they stay in your ears like glue. No more readjusting and I loved that. For the price, this SO worth it. 
After burning one coaster, I thought, it's just a fluke. I'll burn my first DVD in no time. I was wrong. After updating the firmware on my new Plextor DVD burner and downloading the latest version of Nero 6, I burned two more coasters. Don't buy these unless you want pain and frustration 
I haven't written any reviews for Amazon before, but when prompted for my feedback on this trackball, I had to respond. I've been using one of these or its predecessors since the early 90's when Kensington first came out with the "Turbo Mouse". It was great then, and now it's better. This is as solid, smooth, and precise of an input device as you can get. I don't understand those others with buttons on the side that when you press them the trackball slides across your desk. This baby stays right where you put it because your button presses go straight down. You can use it with just the tips of your fingers or your whole hand -- your choice. The optical version is far superior to the old mechanical ones that needed frequent cleaning to stay in tip top performance. The only drawback is the $100 retail price, but frankly it's worth that. It's a no brainer at $80 which is what I paid through Amazon to Tiger Direct. If you need (or want) a high performance trackball that you'll be able to use with many computers to come, get this one 
Device unexpectedly stopped working after 9 months. Has not been thru a washing machine, fallen in the ocean or been run over by a truck! Just nestled in my briefcase. Bullet-proof case is great gimick, but this device is unreliable as a backup for "road" files. Might be better off using your PDA with a large SD card 
I spent a lot of time reviewing Toaster Ovens to replace our 8 year old Delonghi Alfredo one. Most of the others had so-so features or bad enough reviews that made me pass on them; however, with the 5-star review and Cuisinart name, I chose the TOB-30BC. It toasts, it bakes, it looks nice and it has the knobs that my hubby likes in lieu of digital. Overall, it's a great oven and we have no complaints with it's cooking abilities or the sturdiness of the unit; but less than a month later, one of the knobs broke off the unit. They are completely plastic and no metal reinforcement to prevent this from happening. My hubby sent an email to Cuisinart and they are sending a replacement knob, but one would have expected better engineering from a name like Cuisinart 
I've used the iTrip by Belkin, the TunecastII by Belkin, and this Monster iCarPlay for getting my tunes to my car speakers. This is the best design and works the best of the three. I like that it can charge my iPod and that the transmitter itself is inline. The signal seems to be decent enough, though of course it crackles sometimes or you hear a bit of static. This gets more pronounced the louder you make it. I think this is the safest for car use. The iTrip is a nightmare because you have to change the station through the iPod. So if you're taking a car trip (I live in NY but went to college in MI -- that's a 12 hour drive) and signals are coming in and out and you need to adjust, you really can't do it safely with the iTrip. The Tunecast is a bit better, but that runs on batteries (the optional charger/power supply that I got for it didn't work). Also, you can tune into any FM station with the up/down buttons, which is good, but you really only need the lower stations. The iCarPlay has 8 frequencies it can transmit over and only 1 button. Though I feel limited by the 8, I don't think going higher would help because there's more congestion. I like the single button because there's no confusion whether you're going up or down and you can press the button, then easily tune the radio up a notch. The other limitation I see is its iPod specific (uses dock connector) whereas the Tunecast just hooks into the headphone jack and it only works in cigarette lighters so you can't use it without a car (or something else with that power source). But considering I bought it to use in my car, it does what it should and does a decent job of it 
This is a great multi-function printer/scanner/copier/fax machine for a small office or home business that has a light to moderately light document workload. Print quality is excellent, scanning quality is excellent, copying quality is excellent, faxing is faxing. The control software is fine; not great, but it does the job. The networking features, including built-in wireless, makes this printer a snap to integrate into your office / business using a wireless network. Some concerns: after heavy usage the top document feeder, used for scanning, faxing, or photocopying a stack of loose documents, begins to jam. The rollers need to be cleaned to avoid this, and getting jammed paper out of the top document feeder is very difficult. However, the fact that this piece of equipment even has a document feeder for this sort of functionality is pretty good. The fax log keeps a record of outgoing faxes and you can re-send them easily enough, but you can't re-print faxes received; the fax log merely logs their reception, but not the fax itself. Overall it's a good multi-function at a reasonable price with a lot of functionality built into it. Would recommend to anyone who only has a light document load, with maybe the occasional large document scanning / copying requirement 
Looks beautifull......works about 40% of the time. Be ready to reinstall the software weekly. Very expensive for something that dosent work all the tim 
Echoing most other reviews here, this is an excellent set of earphones that are well worth the money. But buying them is a risk! If you don't wear these earphones correctly, they sound terrible, easily shown up by any pair of throwaway phones. Those unsatisfied with the sound quality (especially those complaining of lack of bass) either haven't put them in correctly or have oddly shaped ears. Learning how to put them in properly takes time. Be prepared to spend a few hours fiddling with them and trying the different included cushions. Once you teach yourself how to put them in, it will only take a few seconds. Some tips: Before inserting the earbuds, draw the phones up from behind your ear, holding the earbuds in the correct orientation (drivers pointing medially), so the wires fall naturally between your head and pinna and the earbuds are just outside your ear canals. With one hand, pull the superoposterior part of the pinna in a superoposterior direction while inserting the earphone with the other. This straightens the ear canal and makes it easier to insert the earphone. (Your doctor uses the same maneuver when he/she examines you with an otoscope.) You may also wish to twist the earphone during insertion so that it lodges itself better. If the phones are properly inserted, they will have sealed your ear canals and you may want to relieve pressure via your Eustachian tubes (that is, swallow), just as on a climbing plane or skyscraper elevator. It may seem like it takes a lot of work (and possibly learning a bit about anatomy) to get these earphones to work as intended. It does, and success is not guaranteed. But it's worth it! And to save your hearing, don't forget to turn down the volume, since your music will no longer have to compete with outside noise 
This is wonderful for laptop users that travel or like to move your laptop around a lot. If I leave my laptop somewhere I hate having to worry about tripping over wires and wires everywhere just look bad. This is really small and compact! Perfect for traveling too. I've used it for about 8 months now and it hasnt had one problem...it still recoils well 
This is a wonderful product. The surround effect is phoenomenal and I just love it. The extra $50 is worth it for the quality sound that it delivers 
The headset works great, comfortable. I just wish they had better sound quality...for instance when playing music 
I bought this product twice. Now I have two of them and none works. This router is not able to get itself an IP from the cable modem let alone sending out a wireless signal. First time i thought the router was defective and I ordered a new one hoping to return the first one, received the second one before i could return the first one, and the new one was no better than the other anyways. Avoid this product at all costs, or else 
I recently bought a new 6.0 megapixel digital camera (Canon PowerShot S3 IS) which came with an extremely small and practically useless 16MB secure digital card so I bought a couple of these 1GB PNY PSD1GRF3 secure digital cards since they were on sale for less than $20 apiece. These SD cards are made in Japan by Toshiba (they are then rebranded and sold by PNY, Lexar, DaneElec, etc.) and I have been very pleased with them so far. They work flawlessly with no write-speed delay in my new camera while shooting still pictures or while shooting video with stereo sound, and the card reader in my HP Pavilion M7480N Media Center PC (running Windows XP Professional service pack 2) reads the pictures and video into my Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0 and Premiere Elements 2.0 software programs with no problems. The only drawback is that the read-speed on these standard SD cards is a bit slow when compared to the newer and faster SD cards...it takes several minutes to transfer all the pictures or video from a full 1GB card onto my PC...but I find this to be a small inconvenience rather than a big problem. So, if a little longer read time is not a problem for you, then save yourself some money and buy this card. Overall, a very good standard SD card at an excellent price! 
I bought this item rather than the cheaper products advertised because I trust Toshiba and because the picture quality was better than average. Overall, I am very satisfied with the product. We have used it on several aiplane trips and my toddler is very entertained. We haven't had any problems with the mechanics of the player. We also bought a case (which I highly recommend) so that we have enough Baby Einstein to keep her happy to our destination. Also, the battery has never run out, and charges quickly. My only problem with it is that the volume doesn't go up loud enough without earphones to hear it very well in a roaring commercial airliner. But, my daughter mostly looks at the pictures anyway, so it wasn't that big a deal for us. 
Product came in as describe. Super clear picture quality as it's supposed to be as Monster Cable brand 
I was hoping to buy a small handheld vacuum for my office and computer hardware (keyboads, air inlets, and what have you). However, the DataVac has so little power, even after a full charge, that it's next to useless. I can't recommend it. 
and the worst part is that I'm actually glad about it! I bought this set to replace a [...]Logitech wireless mouse/keyboard combo that was about 3 years old when the mouse scroll wheel stopped working. I figured I'd treat myself to what looked like the best wireless set out there. Here's what I found: 1) The keyboard is HUGE. I have Dell 19" flat panel and the keyboard looks ridiculous in front of it. 2) Even though the USB dongle is plugged in the Dell monitor about 1 foot from the mouse/keyboard it still loses its connection and I get the message "USB device has malfunctioned." I have to remove and replace the dongle and it starts again. This happens a couple of times a week, but of course at the most inconvenient times. 3) The keyboard goes to sleep like the mouse after a few minutes to save battery life. The mouse will wake up after a slight delay and I'm used to that but I can't tell you how many times I pressed "Ctrl-C" to copy something into the buffer and then discovered that it didn't "take" because the keyboard was asleep. The keyboard should never go to sleep or this "feature" should have a way to be disabled! 4) The keyboard died (stopped responding) at less than 6 months old. I still use the mouse but dug out an ancient Dell quietkey wired keyboard. Frankly I don't miss the behemoth MS monster at all, at least the old keyboard doesn't take up the whole desk and when I hit Ctrl-C it works every time. Microsoft has made some good keyboards and mice, but this set is not one of them. Buyer beware. 
Memorex DVD+R's are the best. Price keeps dropping and never have a problem 
I posted a review two weeks ago, but it hasn't appeared, so I'm trying again...I bought this lock two years ago. It has always been difficult to remove. (Note: despite what some other reviewers seem to think, it does NOT have a motion detector - that's a different lock.) Recently, the lock decided to remain firmly inside my iBook, despite my efforts to remove it. After a fruitless call to Targus's customer support, I finally got it out. That took over 30 minutes of struggle. My next step was going to be purchasing a hack saw. Apparently, the Targus lock is not a good fit for iBooks. I'm going to send mine back and demand compensation. If you own an iBook, I strongly suggest you buy a lock made by someone other than Targus 
If your cars Dash is curved or sloping, this mount will not work. Did not work on a 1988 Mercedes 300E or a Daewoo Lanos. It might work if you have a perfectly FLAT dash. I had to return the item as it did not sit properly. Even the slightest touch from a finger would make it slide down. Those of you who are clean freaks like me, BEWARE. Products like armour all which leave a protective coating on your dash will further reduce the grip of this stand! I would not trust a $800 piece of equipment on an unreliable stand like this when even a slight touch of a finger can make it slide down. What about jolts and bumps while normal driving? I did not wait to find out using my $800 GPS as an experiment 
Having a TV in the car make the carpool-commute a little easier. Obviously, the driver can't watch it, but the passengers can. All of the chords and connectors are included. Great price 
This card is the largest size that will allow clean video with FinePix cameras from 2004 or earlier. The picture-to-picture lag time is minimal with this card and video is excellent. From Fuji Website - "NOTE: for owners of FinePix cameras made before 2004, check notice below for the operating compatibility of older FinePix cameras with Type M and H. 
I got 0~1 bars on my wifi detector and hoped that this would help. But it didn't get any better. You'll have to get some decent signal beforehand in order to get this antenna to make things better for you, I suppose. 
This isn't the type of behavior i would expect from such a valuable and big company as Amazon is. They cancelled my order same way as the other people's. They didn't even send any notification email and i found my order cancelled by looking at the site. Amazon MUST learn that this is illegal and they must ship all the orders placed, if they made a mistake pricing the item is THEIR problem not ours and more after many customers confirmed the price over telephone. If Amazon don't ship the orders already placed they will throw stones over their own roof and make lots of bad publicity. I'm one of many who won't be buying anything ever if Amazon don't send me my ordered items. Count with me for any legal actions that may be taken 
Overall the recorder worked OK. A moderate inconvenience was that once in a while the recorded DVDs could not be finalized for unexplained reasons. However, that is irrelevant now. A few weeks ago, the unit stop working. I does not turn on at all. What a waist! It is out of warranty now 
I bought this for easy transfer of pictures from my digital camera with SD memory card anywhere not home and sometimes from other peoples memory card (xD and memory stick).. First of all I was disappointed with the flimsy, plastic design and the size of it. But it would have been ok if it worked!..IT DOESNT READ my SD card. And as menetioned in other people's review hard to insert and take out the cards! I'm scared if the cards get scratch and ruined whenever i do it. I wish I have bought this after reading amazon reviews...it's useless now. I'm lost how I can get sd card work on this and if I do, scared of frequent use for the flimsy design 
I purchased this game pad due to good reviews. Found it online for $15 with free shipping so had to try myself. Its true its built well and pretty comfortable in the hand. The programming software is alright as well, not as nice as the Nostromo n50/52 software for example. But what i didnt like about it was much more relavant. Firstly there is a toggle lock shift button. This button is easy to press by accident and since it is not a momentary button you have to go back and press it off agian. Interupting game play. Also buttons 7 and 8 are not paddles but rather thumb, and quite far from normal thumb use. I had a hard time using those buttons quickly. Also the toggle and digital buttons cant be mapped for other uses so your limited to 8 total buttons rather than 10. And finally, for some reason there was no way to invoke fight in NHL06, i couldnt live with that so i had to ship it back, and ill soon go with the logitech 
I have really enjoyed my I pod until I started to get errors in January 2006. I started to get an error that state that Itunes can't read to or write form the Disk meaning the Ipod itself. That means I cannot add music to or take music off of the Iopd. This was very upsetting to me as I have had this item for less than a year. I Finlay called tech support at Apple. They asked for the serial# for my Ipod. They told me it was out of warranty, that the warranty had expired in December of 2005 and there was NOTHING I could do, literally. I checked my purchase and found out that I had purchased this on April 7, 2005. I was so angry that they would tell me that it was out of warranty when it clearly was not. So, this is a warning to all Ipod owners of this potential problem 
I found this device to be relatively easy and comfortable to use (one-handed, no less), and accurate to within 15' +/- under tree cover of greater than 90% mature alder and fir - once locked onto satellites under clearer overhead conditions in Seattle WA and using an external Gilsson antenna mounted atop a hat. Satellite aquisition under the trees did not happen the few times I tried. The display is excellent under sunny conditions. Downloading waypoint data into a text file was simple. I haven't used it yet under driving conditions, so I can't speak to using related features. Were it damaged or stolen, I'd buy another one without hesitation 
Cheap piece of junk. Probably has 2 cents of electronic parts in it. I'm returning it to Wallmart. It might work OK if you live like right next door to the broadcast transmitter. Otherwise it's just too weak in its signal pulling ability. Also, when I turn the gain dials, they don't seem like they are really variable. I think they are really just on/off switches disguised as variable dials, because i don't see any difference between medium gain and high gain on any of the channels. I'm going to now go to a REAL, serious electronics store and look for some SERIOUS tv electronics hardware instead of Wallmart garbage. I'm going to work on improving my roof antenna and its cabling and I'm going to try using a variable gain preamp if I can find one (a high quality one, not junk). I tried a preamp from Wallmart (which wasn't adjustable at all) and it did help a lot with UHF channels, but the VHF channels were much worse because it made the signal too strong. So I need a variable gain preamp, assuming there is such a thing. I would advise everyone to go read the information available on the internet about tv antennas and how to get the best picture with them. I did yesterday and there's a lot of good stuff I never knew before. 
Not an audiophile, but someone looking to spend a decent amount of money on a quality set of headphones. This product nails all the requirements - great sound, great comfort, well built. I'll be buying more of these guys for friends and family. 
I have this card for a week, and what I can tell you is that this card has a quality that I've never heard from any sound card - the sound is so clean, balanced and accurrate. of coure, you will need a good set of spekaers. the CMSS surround is much better than Dolby Prologic 2 and DTS neo 6 for both music and movies. if you plan to connect the DIN cable for Integrated speakers control with the Megaworks or Gigaworks, you should know that it's not working, but Creative is going to add support for those speakers in the following drivers. I didn't like the new 24-bit Crystalizer sound, but belive me you will not need that feature, just use good mp3 player like Winamp 5+ MAD mp3 decoder plug and ASIO plug for the output. I had many sound card like the Audigy 2 , Audigy 2 ZS, Audigy 4 Pro, ESI Juli@, M-audio Revolution... and none of theme even close to this card!!! worth every $$$!!!! I recommend you buying from amazon beacuse of thier great service and warrnty, I could't do that because I am outside USA 
Worked well when it was working...massive bass response, comfortable cushioning for big ears and funky styling. Only complaint is the cumbersome battery case and cheap feeling plastic construction. However, none of this mattered when it just stopped working 4 months after purchase. Gave absolutely no signs before hand, just working one day, completely dead the next. There are other reviewers here that shared my same fate, so if you want to gamble with these, go ahead, but know that the risk is a pair of dead headphones. 
With so many of these ipod speaker docks on the market, it was sort of struggle to decide. Ultimately, I felt very comfortable going with the Bose brand. Plus, in my opinion, this is about the sleakest and best-looking unit out there (I went with black; I'm not an Apple-white drone). The sound is very, very good for small to medium size spaces. There are not a lot of features to the unit, which I think is a good thing - it just focuses on the sound and the small footprint. Mini remote control work well and again the small size makes it unimposing in this world of too many remotes. Power cord is plenty long and I like the fact I can easily move the thing to a different room if I need music there 
I use this keyboard at work and as I am a medical transcriptionist, it is all I use all day l o n g . . .I really like it and I'm going to buy one for my home as well. It is very easy to type on and I like the wrist support 
I had a problem with my Sunrocket VOIP and I read that someone had bought this modem and that it solved her problem. I gave it a shot and guess what no more dropped calls. Thank you Motorola!!!!!!!!! 
My experience, with several repetitions: The adapter, continuously plugged in, continuously on, works for about 10 days, then stops working and drops the connection. It won't restart. The only way to recover is to unplug it, plug in your spare (you do have a spare, of course), and let the Netgear WG111T cool off for a couple of days. Then you plug it in again, and it works for about 10 days... 
Ok, so I upgraded form a 30 inch LCD to a 50" Plasma screen, all the sales guys kept trying to get me to buy a power center. I came home did some research and chose this one, if it didn't improve sound or picture at least i knew that the equipment was protected from power surges. I hooked everything up last light and turns it one. OMG!!!! amazing, my Yamaha receiver and Wharfdale Diamonds 8.2 no longer sounded muddy but insted bright and even toned, the kick from the sub was tight no sloppy and precise, it turned a good system into an eye opener. The Sony progressive scan and LG plasma now are like looking at real people no a screen , the HD stiff is simply the best , digital cable it good and the dvd's are quite near HD. All in all I would highly reccomend this to anyone. The blue light is quite bright but i placed a piece of blue painters tape over it and it is no longer a problem. the voltage meter light is adjustable and not an issue. I now know the voltage in my home ranges between 123.5 to 121 
I was tempted by the cheap price and got myself a 10 pack. They are rated at 2000 mAh, but run out of juice after the digital camera has shot maybe 5 frames. My 2 year old Panasonic 1600 mAh in contrast can run the same camera for over a 100 shots. I tried these batteries in my MP3 player - and even there, it won't supply enough juice after an hr worth of playback. It is not that the battery does not hold any charge - that it has. But it just does not supply the peak current required by most digital devices. It seems to be all right for use in a flashlight. A set of batteries that will not power a camera will power a flashlight (a bit dimly) for hours (yeah - I tested it). For the test, I had charged the panasonics and the lenmars for the same duration (it is not a charger issue). I plan to complain to the state consumer affairs department regarding this brand and hope action is taken against shady products which are nothing but rip-offs. One last tip - nowadays, the best NiMH batteries are made by Sanyo. It is better to pay 2 - 4 times for them than for a Lenmar. Trust me 
subwoofer should not be called that: it's tiny, and distorts if the slightest bass is put through it. Not good for music, not good for gaming. Steer clear 
I've got an engineering degree in computer science. I've been supporting multi-million dollar web applications for years. It took me 4 hours to get this device to sync properly with the Rhapsody music subscription service that it is promoted for. There is no way a normal person is going to be able to get it to function in any capacity except as a straight mp3 player. It's not ipod caliber quality, the only reason you'd get it is for the Rhapsody service. If you are not highly technical and patient, move on! Player itself works fine 
We've had this printer at my office for about 2 1/2 years. It's a giant waste of money. Magenta cartridges spew toner everywhere. Cyan cartridges streak. It's even worse when you use the manual feed. HP has no answers because they deny all the issues. HP's support is lackluster at best anyway. The first time when this machine was under warranty it took me three weeks worth of phone calls to get anything accomplished with them. Stay away from this printer at all costs. If you own one it makes a nice doorstop or paperweight. This is totally unacceptable considering toner and printer costs. I expect more from a product with the HP brand stamped on the box. To bad you can't give 0 stars 
I actually bought this for a friend of my mine. He says 'Sony Never Disappoints' 
Once THE speaker of choice for every hard rockin' audiophile with a big enough garage, Klipsch fell off the landscape for a while after being sold to a corporate conglomerate that didn't know the real value of what they'd bought. But after another buyout by a small group of genuine audiophiles, Klipsch is back on top, from a sound quality standpoint -- and it shows in the ProMedia 2.1 THX. I have my trio connected to a new Mac Pro desktop unit and the sound is absolutely magical. Yes, there are more complex set-ups, with 5 or 7 speakers spread out across the room, but if you just want the magic without the madness, the Klipsch ProMedia 2.1 THX is an incredible (and very affordable) solution that's quick and easy to configure in about 5 minutes. Of course, there are other 3-speaker desktop systems by makers like Logitech, Cyber Acoustics, and Intec, but here's the difference: Klipsch is a true speaker company that connects great speakers to your computer, while those others are computer peripherals companies that one day decided to make speakers. NOT the same thing. The only brands that are true competitors to Klipsch in this area are Bose, Harman Kardon, JBL, and Altec Lansing. I find that the Altec Lansing and JBL 3-speaker sets both sound nasal and "tinny" on the high end, while the Bose and Harman Kardon sets sound great, but are more expensive. So, after a good look (and listen) around, I went with Klipsch. In any case, this is an incredible sound set-up for your computer-based music player and should not be overlooked. Enjoy 
I bought this screen as a replacement for my 8ms 17" Hyundai L90D+(which is a great low-priced screen for gaming), which was the replacement for a Dell fp2100 (that I gave to my wife). Anyways, this is an excellent monitor with excellent color reproduction and response times (more than enough for my flight sims). Movies are beautiful and the rather weird resolution hasn't been a problem. The design is probably the neatest looking out there (subjective I realize). The ONLY gripe I have w/ this monitor is lack of swivel (sigh). Other than that I'm very pleased with everything about this screen 
I had to send this item back because it stopped playing cds. The sound quality was good, but the dependability of this item is questionable. 
This product was very easy to set-up. Hooked up 4 computers and had all up and running in no time. Been running 3 months with NO problems what so ever. Would highly recommend 
Nothing much to say about them. They're high quality high speed rewritable discs that do what they are supposed to do. I've been using these kind of rewritable discs for a while now and I haven't had any problems with them what so ever even when I burn at higher than 10x. They come with cases too so you won't have to worry about scratching the CDs 
I bought this from amazon for $15 and it works great with my car audio. It is easy to use and working fine till now. The audio quality is decent and surely recommend this 
The best headphones I ever had, good fit excellent sound on my SoundBlaster X-FI!! 
After reading the Dec. '04 review in Computer Pilot I ordered it. Fine tuning is a bit involved but repetition makes the curve easier. Configuring from one a/c type throttle to another is easy with the downloadable manager from CH prod. Compared to the GoFlight modular system this is great value. Unless $$ is no object and you're not interested in building a home cockpit, the CH line of av-sim controls is well suited to the aspiring and advaced flt. simmer 
I bought this unit a couple of years ago based on its features, but soon discovered that it can't normally do the one thing that all GPSs should, tell you where you are. I used my e-Trex Vista for about a year and half and would estimate that I spent 10% to 15% of the time staring at some type of lost signal message. The unit is totally useless under any type of tree cover and often has trouble holding a signal anywhere on overcast days, which means about half the time in the Seattle area where I live. I would not recommend this unit to anyone but my worst enemy 
My mp830 has performed well in the time that I've had it. My family members have found it easy to use as well. I was saddened at the early demise of my Epson cx6400 which suffered from a common problem of dried ink clogging the feeder tube. I chose the Canon after reading good reviews, and I got it for an excellent price right here on Amazon plus free shipping. It still sells for more at my local Office Depot and Best Buy. In truth I haven't tried all of it's claimed capabilities, but I'm happy with what it's been able to do thus far. 
After two weeks of use, I returned the mouse because 3 out of 4 times I tried to make a right click, it would not work. I eventually got frustrated and decided to return it. I'm sure it has to do with the way I use the mouse but I'm not planning on changing my angle or whatever it is that makes it fail. I think a regular 2 button mouse is just perfect. I wish this mouse had a real mechanical right button because it would be perfect. I LOVED the scroll wheel and will miss it greatly 
We tried the Belkin in one car. When we turned the Ipod on, the car battery immediately discharged (we had to buy a new car battery) and the Ipod died. We bought another Belkin and tried it in a different car and with a different Ipod (in case the first incident was a coincidence) and this Ipod died too. The Ipods were under warranty, the car battery was not. We tried this with 2 different Belkins, in 2 different cars with 2 different Ipods. I would not recommend this product to anyone. 
Ok.. here's the deal. I've been an avid Magellan user for the past 3 years. I love my Magellan. I've never liked the Garmins because of their clumsy interface (the buttons placed above the display NEVER made sense to me) and how the menu structure was built. However.... We're planning a 2000 mile road trip from Utah up to the Oregon coast. We needed something with expandable memory so we could upload more than one state map at a time. My wife bought me the Magellan eXplorist 600 for Fathers Day. I forced myself to use it for two days (and believe me, it was torture). I could go on and on about why I sent it back. What I ordered as a replacement was the GPSMap 60Cx. Now keep in mind that I felt like someone who had turned to the dark side. I couldn't be happier with my decision. While I agree with most of the other reviews about the lack of base maps, and the expense of additional ones, this unit ROCKS! It acquires satellites within seconds. It has expandable memory. It has a color screen. It manages Geocaches. It auto-routes. It stores 1000 waypoints. It has SiRF Technology. It is a USB interface. It has a belt clip. It changes display contrast at night (automatically). It slices... It dices.... Suddenly the Dark Side isn't so dark!! This is a great unit that I would recommend to anyone. 
I just recieved my HDMI cable and am very impressed. The price is just what it should be about $5 and makes me wonder how somebody would spend over $100 for this cable at a store. The service was excellent and the cable arrived in 4 days! I highly recommend this cable. I just plugged it into my cable box and the other end into the TV and WOW what a great picture all around. The color is just so much more vivid using HDMI compared to component 3 wire connectors. Get this cable for your system and stay away from those high priced others 
Excelent, hard drive, good price and good time for seller. thanks 
This warranty is purchased through Amazon, but it is actually distributed by another company. When you search for TV warranties on Amazon, you will see 4 warranties that appear to be the same, but are different prices. I called the company that sells these warranties and asked what the difference was. They told me that there is no difference between the $119 warranty and the $499 warranty; they cover the exact same thing. The girl I spoke with even asked her manager and he said there is no difference. Warranties are a tricky item to review, because it all looks good until you actually need it. So, on this one, I suppose only time will tell. The one difference between the Amazon warranty and the electronic store warranty is that the Amazon one will not replace the first bulb in the TV; but I figure if I need to replace the bulb within those four years I will still be saving $100 because I can get a new bulb for around $200. 
Earlier this week I received the factory referbished Samsung HD841. I have had a few days to use it and compare it to my other players, mainly my Philips 642, which have been excellent players for me. This Model does well. I don't understand why this model has such a rough reveiw. Note, this model has the DVI output, If your TV has an HDMI port, you will want to check out the Samsung HD 850 (identical otherwise). First, this model has component, composite and S-video hook ups, as well as the DVI port (still have to run seperate sound out with DVI). Also, this model does feature digital coax sound out and optical sound out as well for systems that can handle 5.1 THX. Many upconvert models do not have the digital outs on lower priced models. The picture quality is great, at 480p comparable with my Philips. Again, The upconvert works well out the DVI hook up to my TV, but to be honest, it is hard to tell any difference between it and a good 480p progressive scan player, at least on my tv which is a 23" 720p LCD. Menus also are a bit difficult to figure out at first as well. The user manual is less than impressive at explaining thing, in fact, it does not have an index. But, it the main thing is that the player is does perform well, and is a name brand product from samsung (I have had some offbrand experience and have had perfomace problems). THis player also appears to have DivX available on it, not noted in the product discription, so that was a suprise as well. This will allow the use of MP4 movie files. The remote again is bigger and at first more difficult than my other players, but after a day or so it actually is better because many of the features are available to change at the push of a button instread of going through the menus. In all, I will continue to explore this new player, but in all it seems to be a quality product that has received some bad flack. So give it a chane, the prices are good currently, quality has been good, and it is a Samsung. Note to the technosavy: I have not had luck using the component upconvert code that is available on other web sites, so I am using my DVI input for upconvert. Also, the new Blue ray (HD 1080p) DVD players are out, so if you have the expensive hi res tvs that can handle this, you might want to wait and save till you can get the new DVD players. Note 2: the factory referbished models come with a DVI cable, a 20-30 dollar value that many don't come with 
First - a disclaimer: I know very little about telephone headsets, but decided to buy one because I had a series of long telephone meetings coming up. I walked to my local Staples store, expecting to find a variety of prices and products - and thinking that I'd pay perhaps $30 to $50 at the low end of the market. At the store, I found that only the computer-based headsets were that cheap - and the only model that worked on a real, old-fashioned land line was the Plantronics S11 on display (it was priced at $130 Canadian). Since work was paying for it, I didn't mind spending the extra money, but expected that, at that price, the quality and ease of use would be quite high. When I brough it back to the office and installed it, I found that: - The regular handset and the headset cannot be plugged in at the same time. That means that every time I want to use the headset, I need to fumble around at the back of the unit to switch wires. - The volume of both ingoing and outgoing conversation is very low - even when I turn up the volume controls to max. The people I spoke with complained enough that I switched back to my regular handset. - The microphone, although it's somewhat adjustable, is short and inflexible enough that I can't get it very close enough to my mouth. When I try to move it closer, the earpiece turns and slips off my ear. - The headset itself - that is, the plastic, adjustable arch and rubber pad opposite the speaker - is very awkward and prone to slipping off my head. It might have been better to design it like a regular two-sided earphone unit - so that it would be more balanced and stay secure. I don't know whether these comments apply only to the S11 or to most headsets for traditional phones in general. Overall, however, if I'd been buying the S11 with my own money, I would likely have returned it and just gone back to using the regular phone handset 
I bought four of these. So far they appear to work well. They do not work with compact flourescent lights well, but are fine with incandescent bulbs 
I really wanted to like the TomTom Navigator 5. The GPS itself is tiny, well-designed, and very sensitive. It worked fine from down in a underdash cupholder or in the glove compartment. The interface is attractive and easy to navigate. The voice prompts are clear and loud. The installation on a Mac was problematic. Search on TomTom OSX for details, but suffice it to say that the installer included on the CDs simply doesn't work and a new one must be downloaded. Once past that, it ran fine on my Treo 700p. Unfortunately there is one fatal flaw - the map database. In using the Navigator in both California and North Carolina, the maps regularly had misnamed streets, exits referred to by numbers where there were none, and directions that lacked critical information like heading (i.e. take the 101 instead of take 101N when approaching a complex interchange). Worse, the company seems to be actively hostile to updating these maps. If you go to the TomTom site, you can purchase maps on a city-by-city basis. Are they newer than the ones that came with your unit? Who knows? TomTom lists no version info and seems to expect you to buy and cross your fingers. There were just too many errors that I saw while traveling in areas that I'm familiar with to trust the TomTom maps for any unfamiliar territory. Everything else is great, but the whole point of a GPS is accurate navigation. And sadly, that's where the TomTom Navigator fails 
It looked flashy and well-conceived on the web shopping sites that featured it; however, after setting up Panasonic's KX-TG5576M, I'm underwhelmed... First of all, even in this day and age, it's not Mac-compatible (though the Pansonic Call Center Representative had assured me, after checking with her Superior, that it indeed was.) So, I cannot comment on downloading ringtones, wallpapers, etc. (Meanwhile, these mobile phone-like features were the main reason I wanted this particular cordless phone). Secondly, the built in digital message recorder is of the lowest quality. I was looking for an alternative to the monthly charge for voice mail through the phone company. This isn't it. If you prefer to record your own message in lieu of the generic built-in message options, your Callers will here something sounding like a worn-out Edison recording. It struck me as odd that with the included audio cable, you can connect the handset to an audio device with a headphone jack, to record custom ring tones, with good quality results. Yet, to record a message for the digital answering machine, you need to speak into the dinky little microphone hole on the base unit, with the aforementioned low sound quality. Finally, the battery life of the handset is rather short. This is despite the (too) low backlighting on the handset keypad. Oh, why no backlighting on the base unit? 
e'nuf said - Epson always leads the way with printers and papers. You can't go wrong!!! Order was filled exactly as requested, and arrived in better than expected time. The packaging was excellent. I'll be back for more soon 
Mine worked fine for about a month before it stopped working. dealing with D-Link isn't a pleasure either. Don't get it. Get something better. Spend a little more, avoid the hassles 
definitely recommend this memory card, download time is great . . 
I wish the description had beem better. Somethimg like THIS PHONE NEEDS ANOTHER UNIT TO WORK! People who have never seen an expansion phone can be missled like I was. Returned item 
I am disappointed in this product. I was suppose to write to you from the weekend. My two rear speakers just stop working, and also my remote control. I have replace the batteries, but still does not work. I don't have any other rear speakers to try on the system. Pleasy me what to do. Thank you Epiphane Flaviu 
I've been using SBL soundcards for about 3 years. I use it for recording live and with sound fonts. This usb device is easy to set up and the sound quality is great! One installation tip. Initially after I connected it and installed the software, I was not getting any sound, although the software was installed successfully. I rebooted, and everything was detected and has worked fine since. So just remember to reboot after installation. 
Look around in your local electronics stores and you'll find either HUGELY expensive players or single tape units. This player allows tape-to-tape duplication as well as the ability to put two of your old collection in and listen uninterrupted. Sure, it's not a 100-disk CD carousel...but how else are you going to listen to some of your best stuff (that you probably taped yourself?). This, or the other TEAC dual-cassette units, should find a place on your shelf 
I just bought a refurbished Roadmate 700 a few days ago. It took minutes to locate my current location, which was totally normal. I kinda feared that I would have the GPS with the older version 3.2, as some people said earlier. But in fact, the one that I got is with firmwave version 4.32, the newest version. The voice is working good too. I am happy with this product, even though it is a refurbished one 
No free lunch you get what you pay for...is that the verdict on this product? Well, the poor rating given by those who have purchased this product has discouraged me from buying it. I need disc binders and the Case Logic brand, while being the original, is pricey. Low cost alternatives are needed, but not at the expense of quality and TCO (total cost of ownership). But the flap about poor customer service (rebates) and poor quality (zippers and sleeve binding) is enough to give me pause..... So, if someone from Xtreme's management is paying attention....fix it or be content to lose business. Price isn't everything to everyone in the markt for your product.. 
I've had this mouse for about a month...use it with my Mac G4 at home...and I'm exhausted. It feels very nice in the hand and I really like the scrolling ball feature (hence the 2 stars), but it's just not predictable. Sometimes it glides along smoothly, most other times it tracks across the monitor like you're mousing over pebbles. I've tried a number of different surfaces: desktop (light woodgrain); smooth, medium gray fabric mouse pad; mouse pad made specifically for optical mice (better than the other two) and I have even tried picking the thing up and shaking it to knock it into submission--to no avail. It still lags and I have a hard time honing in on an object to select it (or to check a box or pick up a puzzle piece in a jigsaw puzzle...) I use Photoshop and other mousing intensive apps all day at work and at home and I need a mouse that is precise (for silhouetting, etc.). This just isn't it. You shouldn't have to think about mousing when you're doing it, it should just happen--immediately and smoothly, corded or cordless. And a "newer" technology should work better that a gummed up "old" tracking ball mouse! Maybe it doesn't like my older Mac. Maybe it's the bluetooth adapter. Whatever it is, it's not working... I'll be trying the Logitech MX1000 next. It has a recharging base and is Laser (instead of optical). I'm hoping the higher price will translate into better performance 
I am comparing these transfers to the HP transfers for colored shirts. these require a reverse image and are just not user friendly. after three unsuccessful attempts I just went back to the more expensive HP's. The transfers did not adhere well and would flake off in little chunks even before you tried to wash them 
I bought one of these, brand new. When I use it with a portable CD Player/Radio on the proper settings for my unit, the radio works for about 15 seconds, then shuts down. Like the other reviewer, I'm wondering if the voltages are off. Will try a meter.. 
Yup... They connect my cable modem to my router, and my router to my computers. They transmit data back and forth. So far they have failed to burst into flames or snap off and poke me in the eye. So go patch cables (yay). 
Purchased the transmitter for my MP3 player. Reception is poor with constant static through my car radio. The instructions (which you don't see until you have already purchased the product) says antennas integrated into the window can have problems. Since that is the only purpose for this device, I don't understand why Monster is selling a marginal product 
From cellphone and also the pager era I began my love affair with Motorola. Don't need to read much farther into my review to get to the meat of it. Sometimes companies make a lousy product even though they have others that are great! Don't Buy These! They fall into the former category I needed them quickly (to give my in-laws time to practice using them before we went on a cruise) so when I went to their house for the weekend I bought them from the hated "Best Buy". I am returning all 4! (2 sets of 2 handsets). Here was my experience: I went in and saw the Midland and the Cobra along side the Motorola. Not knowing much of Midland, but recognizing Cobra from their history with low-end phones and electronics, I opted with the very stylish Motorola T6500R's. I know. Big Mistake! I am a computer programmer and very intelligent, but when confronted with products I do not undestand, I go for the brand name. Which is something that can be forgiven if, as now, you find out what the problem is and correct it. I took them home and recharged them. First things first: The feel in your hand. EXCELLENT. They feel as good as they look. I purchased these to go on a cruise to the Mexican Riviera and to maintain contact both on the boat and in the ports: Puerto Vallarta, Mazatlan and Cabo san Lucas. We wanted to make sure we did not "lose" my in-laws (really! I mean it! No, really ....) Anyway. Charged them up and turned them on. They come with a plastic-encased group of 3 AA rechargable batteries that fit nicely (and only one way--they are keyed) in the dual-purpose battery compartment. This is nice: if you are out and running around and your charge goes down, simply buy 3 AA alkaline batteries and go on your way. There is no problem if you forget you have the NORMAL NON-RECHARGABLE AA batteries in the case if you put it in the charging stand. Unlike other units, the physical metal conductors to charge the battery pack are actually built into the pack, not the handset. If you put it batteries, the charger makes no connection to the handset. If you put in the rechargable battery pack, 2 silver contacts from the battery pack contact the charging stand and VOILA the unit charges. Fitting the handset into the recharger is a nightmare, though! It must be generic and able to fit several different Motorola products (production outsourced to Giant Int'l Ltd--so if you thought this was a genuine Motorola built item, you are mistaken. The entire Talkabout line are outsourced for production) as the dual-compartment charger has 2 inserts in each compartment and no indication of which one to use for the T6500R's. I am a smart person though so I chose the one that looked like it best fit and inserted it. Then I attempted to insert the T6500R's. I say attempted because the bottom of the handset is rounded and thus does not seat well in any direction. After you get it to EXACTLY the right position (look on the charger to watch for the LED to light up) the the hard part (of charging, that is) is over. Next item: Bad red LCD backed screen. Hard to read in ANY light and impossible in the sunlight. Settings were easy enough. Channel, sub-channel, vibrate, NOAA broadcasts, etc. However, the advertised QT (ensures no one can talk through your handset unless they are using a compatible Motorola handset) does not work unless you hit the PTT (push to talk) button (or the CALL button), wait about 3 seconds and begin speaking. My in-laws are new to technology and are used to experiencing walkie-talkies when their kids were young. Therefore this is unusual. They automatically want to push the button and talk. So, the first part of what they say is immediately lost. I say "first part". I am assuming I actually caught a portion of what they said. This brings me to the second major flaw. This unit contains a HORRIBLE speaker. If the volume is too low then you can't hear it. Too high and it is garbled beyond your ability to understand it. We were really hard-pressed to find a happy medium. AND, in a noisy room, it would've been impossible to hear anything. Some merchants list these as 5 mile radios. The packaging says 10. The 1 watt GMRS suggests about 5-10. We got less than 1. Directly over a lake. In vehicles on the I-5, we drove less than 2 miles from their house (which is DIRECTLY ON the interstate) and got no signal. I got back to my house in San Jose (on top of Communications Hill...the largest "hill" in the area) and could not communicate to my spouse less than 1/2 mile away while he was coming up our road! Since the weekend, I have spent all my extra time on Amazon.com and Consumer Reports reviewing all the offerings. (the latter, Consumer Reports' reviews are from July in 2002!) So, I think I am going to return these and purchase the Midland 5 watt GXT500's from Amazon. Remember, doubling the wattage (in this case MORE than doubling) does not give double the signal. As another others have stated, increasing wattage increases only another portion of the distance--ie: 2 watts to 4 watts does NOT double the distance the signal can reach.) Hope this reveiw helps you 
The noise canceling is just barely discernible in comparison to when it is turned off and the music quality is not comparable to other earbuds in this price range ($60 list, $35 Amazon). The cloth wrapped cords seem like a nice feature for making them a bit more rugged, but I don't like the way the cords are arranged which create this loop that you put your head into (combined with the stronger cord, better not wear them around machinery since getting them caught will likely result in something a bit more painful than just having the earbuds yanked out of your ears) 
For some years I tried this and other Monster products, to the tune of over $1000 in Monster a/v gear. The more you learn about video and audio, the more you'll avoid anything with the Monster label. Specifically, this s-video meets no NTSC, DVD or IEEE standard; it is common 30-ohm hookup wire with ineffective shielding and a poorly designed, low-conductance connect plug that can wreck your input jacks and gives poor grounding. Has a sharp image, but includes a catalog of chromatic aberrations from off-color skin tones to color blotching, dirty grays, burned highlights, murky shadows, noisy reds, and poor color balance due to impedance mismatching that results in cyan errors and bleeding reds. Makes video test patterns look great, but who watches test patterns all day? Amazon offers many other brands at good prices, why waste your $$ on this stuff? I removed every piece of Monster from my system and replaced them with AR, Belden, Viewsonics and others from Amazon. Result: vast improvement in every respect. 
Purchased this iterm for my HP8450 printer. Pictures are outstanding and the cartridge does the job.Only problem is the cartridge gets eaten up in no time at all. Cost per print no bargain. Problem isn't with the catridge, but with the printer and print process. Now we know why HP has printers at such reasonable price. They eat you up and spit you out via the price of cartidges. That's where the real profit lies. Amazon is tops in price and service delivery 
I bought USB rudder pedals and yoke for use with X-Plane on a Mac Dual G5. Plug and play (no drivers needed), easily configured in x-plane, works beautifully. Great price! Thanks Amazon! Shipping was 2 days early! Kudos to Fedex! I am a private pilot, and recommend this product 
In each pack there have been several dvd's that aren't any good. Too many bad discs in my opinio 
The resaon I purchased this sport case is because it was an Apple product. My thoughts were that is I was going to dive into the ipod experience I should invest in a quality case to protect it. I'm sure that most people would think the way I do. I read the reviews and felt that even though it was a little pricey I would go ahead. This product is not a good one for the price. Mine broke, specifically, the plastic slider on the side that locks the shuffle in. I know what your thinking... she abused the product but I swear I did not. I loathe returning things but, darn it, this is ridiculous. Avoid this one and go for something less expensive. 
I have used this and the optical cable. For $20 less, it sounds just as good. Monster cable is a great price point investment for anyone who wants to get the most out of their home theater system 
We'll give the unit two stars instead of one, since when it does work, it works well, with nice print-outs. But in a span of two+ years, its has needed its drum replaced three times. And has once needed the main system/circuit board replaced. We'd purchased this back when it cost about $125 more than it does now. And the parts have not been quickly available from some vendors. We should have bought the heavier-duty Brother 4750 which we use in another office, and has been flawless. 
This adapter can not be used with the Garmin 330 
It was horrible, soon as i plug the speakers in it was making a constant noise, really annoying, the speakers were junk, worst purchase i've ever made from amazon. I would've returned them but I didn't want to go through the trouble of sending it back. So i just smashed them and went to best buy and got new ones. I know it was a cheap speaker, but hell it should atleast work properly. Talk about trash 
I thought I'd weigh in, as the reviews suggesting noncompliance with Apple products seemed ominous. I bought a Passport, and the USB outlet on my Macbook powers it perfectly well. I don't need an external power supply. Btw, I get a transfer rate of about 2 Mb/s, or 1 Gb/5 minutes. This seems a little slow, but it doesn't bother me much. The Passport is small, has a nice rubber coating to prevent shock, and overall is worth the purchase price 
I purchased dvd express and it never worked. I spent endless time with tech support. The old story about, "It must be your computer." did not fly either, my machine is a media type and it far exceeds the system requirements advertised by ADS. I exchanged the item and it was supposedly checked out before I got it. Same problems. Tech support told me I was the only person having trouble with this product. They need to check out a few websites that review products there are hundreds of bad reviews very few good ones. My only mistake was not reading them before I wasted my time and money. ADS also told me it would not work with Ulead's Movie Factory 3, some of the software it came bundled with, but that was Uleads problem. I should use Cap Wiz ( Their program ) DUH!!! Guess what, it did not work with their program either. Ulead said they had several complaints with ADS's product. Their final solution hold on to the product and maybe they will have a new version of cap wiz and that might work. Save yourself time money and aggravation buy another product! P.S. Since ADS doesn't consider the product defective they will not refund your money or allow you trade it in for an upgrade. I don't think they want a product like that either. The only reason I gave one star is.....it was packed well. JU 
This product is terrible and I'm going to return mine or throw it away. It constantly wanders to places I don't want it to be or trails where I think it should be based on my usage of other mice. At this point I consider it unusable. I've tried it on several surfaces to see if it was a tracking problem, but noticed no real change in behavior. I think what's happening is it keeps trying to go to sleep while I'm moving it, because the tracking is OK as long as I'm moving it very quickly, but when I'm trying to precision target something like an icon or a piece of text it starts jumping erratically. I keep it about 6 inches from my laptop at all times, and the laptop isn't complaining about connection problems 
Excellent mount for the 2 TV's I've purchased. Was suprised to buy one about a month ago from amazon.com for 149.95 then was able to buy this one for 124.95. Did I pay too much for the first mount? Ollie........... 
Run WinXP, sp2 with everything updated. I've had this router for 6 months. It is the WGT624v3, firmware updated. I never realized how bad the wireless was on this router until this week - dropped connetion 3 times in 15 minutes today alone, while reading the Amazon.com reviews. My desktop PC's graphics card went down this past week and I had to RMA it... so about 10 days to send out and get a return. I have always used a wired connection for my home desktops. The wireless access was a 'it's there if I need it' novelty. I started brining my IBM R51 laptop home from work so I could get online, VPN into work, etc.. This is the first time I have used my wireless consistently for more than a hour or so. The last 10 days have been rediculous to say the least. I logged on my first day and lost connection 5-6 times browsing MSN and Yahoo. At first I thought it might be channel interference since 2 other routers in range were using channel 11. I went ahead and disabled the 108G feature since I had never come close to hitting that speed anyways, and changed the channel.. I used the IBM ThinkVantage software to scan my area for other wireless routers and picked a channel not being used. I changed channels and I verified my signal strength before and after I changed, 95% signal strength. The connection is still getting dropped randomly. Changed channel to another channel not being used in my area and verified signal strength. No difference. Scanned the networks again using the IBM ThinkVantage software.. theres my router, 97% signal strength @ 54Mbs. unplugged router, modem, repaired my WINSOCKS with WinsockXP, rebooted PC. I turned on my modem first until is was ready to go, then the router until it was ready, and then my PC (as per the netgear website)and yea, no difference in the connections stability. The conection is still getting dropped randomly. I might expect this from a router thats on all the time and is getting tired from constantly being hammered. But I hardly ever used the wireless access (yes, wireless radio has been OFF). After reading these reviews, I am pretty sure the problem wont go away. The part that upsets me the most, I payed premium money for a product that I thought was premium. If this had been priced (at the time) at bargain bin prices, I wouldn't of cared.. but it wasn't and i do. The 'you get what you pay for' saying does not hold true for this product. Buyer Beware 
Surprisingly poor quality for a Uniden phone. Volume is very low -- hard to hear caller. Don't waste your money. 
I purchased this device to add to my wireless network, which uses a Belkin wireless router. I had to connect the router directly to the game adapter since it could not be detected by my wireless router. After configuring it, I could never find it once it was disconnected from the ethernet cable from my wireless router. I made three attempts at customer service - my first call was disconnected after 20 minutes, the second call was working with a woman in India, who's headset had a ton of static to add to her accent. I had to end that session because we couldn't hear each other. I then used online chat, and after 90 minutes I still had not solved my problem, and that session was disconnected for unknown reasons. The lady from India did mention that mixing their product with any other wireless router would be a problem, and now I believe her 
A friend gave me this card for free, when I travled to Arizona. I use this card in my Dell X51V. From time to time, this card can't be recoginize by the PDA. I have to pull it out and re-insert it in, and reset my PDA. Then oneday, my GPS software showed "Map data corrupted". All the data in the card was wiped out, and the card's space reduced to around 300M, have no idea where the remaining space goes to. Don't put important data on this one!!! That's my lesson 
I received the iPod quickly which was a plus. But it was horrible when it would only download 5 songs. I had friends who have the same iPod try to fix it and it never worked. I sent it back and requested a refund. It has been a month and a half and I have YET to get my $120 back. 
The phone works great!. I have three of these and a base. The best phones I have had. The other phones I have are the TCX800 model (previous version), equally good. I had trouble deregistering one of the phones, as it has to be close to the original base (kept telling me out of range). I found out that pressing END and #, also deregisters 
These headphones are terrible, the sound is not good,and they hiss. Not worth the money. I have real cheap ones that sound alot better 
I just purchased yesterday the Home Dock Deluxe for list price at a local retailer. I read all the reviews, (most of them bad but I got it anyway) the menu on TV part being my motivation. And so far, I am not feeling good about buying it... 1. The sound quality is very poor. Almost every song has some distortion and sounds "muffled" along with a good hiss. I thought I was listening to a 70's era cassette it was so bad! I have a high end Sony/Infinity system and the poor sound is very noticeable. In desperation (and checking to make sure my amp was working fine) I plugged in my Apple dock from my 4th Gen Photo 60gb and the standard Apple AV cable. The sound problem disappeared, and was crystal clear. 2. The menus to not work properly. My Nano 5gb seems to work OK, but my 60gb 4th Gen Photo does not. The menus are rather slow, and the artist, or album, or song titles disappear at random. Sometimes you can back up a level on the menu and you will see the data, but mostly it is just blank. The cursor will scroll down as though there is data there, but nothing shows on the screen. You can play the music from the blank screen, but it is pot luck as to what you will play as you cannot see any titles. I like the idea, but VERY, VERY frustrating. 3. There is NO support at all from the DLO website. It just lets me download a PDF of the manual or to buy more accessories. I did not even bother contacting them due to all the problems. I am not impressed. 4. There also all the other problems listed elsewhere, too light and build quality poor, annoying power LED on front, no artwork on TV menu etc... 5. So basically, it is WAY too expensive. Not worth it. Not even worth 10% of the price charged. I should have listened to all the comments above, and not believed some of the "official" reviews on the web. So it is back in the box and ready for a trip back to the store. I guess my lesson is that I should trust the reviews 
Really don't think you can get better sound for your dollar. Not only look cool, but sound great. Have only had for two months, but no issues. 
Not so happy. Ordered one of these and plugged by PDA which did not charge. Turns out that it only charges when the larger item is drawing current. So it will only charge the phone/pda etc IF the laptop is drawing current. This is very annoying when the laptop is shut down with a full battery since it draws no current, thus the phone/pda do not charge 
After reading some good and bad reviews I went ahead and bought them anyway. They will not stay in my ears, I tried the three different sized ear buds but non will do the job, very irritating. So, I do not recommend them at all, too bad because if they stay in when you sit really still the sound quality is really good. Aloh 
I bought this receiver from Amazon, received it about 10 days ago. Since then, I've tried to play my cassettes of classical music. When used for this purpose, this receiver sucks big time. If I turn the volume loud enough to hear the orchestra playing softly, when the orchestra gets loud the amp shuts down PROTECT flashes on off. I have to turn the receiver off, then turn it back on, lower the volume. Then of course when the music gets soft again, I can't hear it 
Wiring broke at interface box - poor design 
I was thinking about buying a 1G card, but after reading one of the reviews,I bought two 512 card,just in case that something went wrong. Which to me made a lot of sense. I'm please 
I researched cases upon receipt of my 20 GB iPod and deemed this the best. This case consists of a thin plastic sleeve inside a separate clear, hard shell. The hard case protects the iPod from scratches and minor falls while still allowing easy access to the controls and inputs. It also does not obscure the screen. An enclosed plastic belt clip attaches to the back of the unit. This case is not compatible with a Bose Sounddock as the user must remove the iPod from the case. Also, Contour Design only enclosed one of the thin plastic sleeves. I spent $5 at their website for 5 more sleeves and gave some to friends with the same case. The price seems high for a couple pieces of plastic but a case is essential and this is the best one for the 20 GB iPod. 
Buy the "empty" player for 37, then get a 128 mb card....its only 5 bucks mopre total..... 
Until an accident caused one bud to stop emitting sound, these were my favorite pair of earphones. They were comfortable (I often left them in when I went to sleep), affordable, lightweight, durable, and had good sound quality. I used them with my Sony CFD-V5 boombox, my Oritron OP5034 portable CD player, and my RCA RP2410 MP3-CD player. On all three, bass and detail was great, and there was no distortion at a higher volume. All in all, these earphones were a great value; the only possible downside is a bit of fuzziness in the sound, which I got used to rather quickly and began to prefer over my other earphones (it lent a bit of warmth to the music). I plan to buy another pair in the near future, and I highly recommend that you do so as well 
The case itself fits very snug around the IPOD, and even gives it a better look. The only complaint that I have is that the plastic window that covers the dial pops open, and even falls off at times. I still give the case a 4 star rating, because I am a soldier in Iraq, and this case is doing a very good job of keeping my IPOD clean. If a product can keep something clean in Iraq, then I am guessing that it can keep things clean anywhere. 
I went looking at Fry's for a mapping software and bought this before looking online at reviews. I'm now stuck with a bazillion (ok, just 17) CDs and a product that takes minutes to load once you initiallize the program. I still can't figure out how to access any info on Hawaii or Alaska and I'm waiting each time an average of four days before "tech support" haha will write me back. Don't buy this. 
This product is great - allowed me to connect a distant printer to my computer by hooking two of the extension cables together. Worked right away - no problems 
Yeah, they claim this thing works with MS Powerpoint. But what they do not tell you is that it only works with PART of Powerpoint. It only works in Slide Mode. It does NOT work in Presentation View mode. Of course, most of my presentations are run in Presentation View mode. SO the remote is useless. And they have no fix for it. They cannot even document that this is the case. I am going to look for something else. Maybe the Microsoft Remote. ***UPDATE*** It's true, this presenter has problems with PowerPoint's Presenter View because in that mode PgUp and PgDown keys are used to scroll the notes. However, here's a neat trick I discovered that makes it work again: - Start the presentation in Presenter View - Pres "B" on your keyboard to show a blank screen - Click the mouse (anywhere in the blank screen) once to resume the presentation and then AGAIN to advance to the next slide - Magically, from this point on the presenter buttons work flawlessly. 
I am sorry to say that my experience with the CD player has been miserable. After a series of unhelpful conversations with SONY folks, I am going to return it. It often fails to read the CD or cuts in and out on new CDs that play perfectly in other CD players; the shuffle program simply spins and spins, and rarely settles down to actually play a CD. It occasionally generates a read error message (uh, yeah...). Even if on "continuous" play, it often fails to recognize the CDs loaded into it. Instead, it displays a "No Disc" message. Then, even if it does play a series of CDs on continuous play, at some pt, it just stops. It has been like this since I first brought it home and has not improved in the weeks since. The experience with the tech support people alone convinced me that they do not care. It took a long time to even get through their tech support lines the first night I had it, and then a lot of persuading to even get them to agree that their CD player was not working. Then they tried to convince to me send the brand new machine back, **for a price**, to have them repair it. Uh, no, not likely to fall for that--paying them to repair a brand new machine straight out of the box, taking time out of my way-too-busy life to ship it to them?? I finally have a reference number with permission to return it to the store for a full refund; so back it goes. Then there are the limitations on the remote control that others here have noted. Since I had the same shuffle problems with my previous SONY carousel player, I am not inclined to try a 3rd machine. Needless to say, no more SONYs are coming into my life. 
The iM3c was a gift - looked like a great little portable stereo for my Pod. First used it on a trip. Started off playing ok and then the sound cut in and out. Frustrated me for the week as I didn't know if it would play or not on any given day. When it did play it was ok but not great. Finally, it didn't play anymore. Returned it to the Apple Store where purchased to find that there was only a 15 day return policy and I missed it by 2 days. So, I tried to contact Altec Lansing. The phone number in the owners book didn't work although I tried for several days. Then I emailed the Altec support email. No response after two emails. Sometimes a product doesn't work and it's easy to return or get repaired. On this one, it looks like this product will be finding the trash can. Do not buy. 
Actually 4 and a half stars...I borrowed one of these Logic3 amplified Ipod speaker systems for a weekend camping trip and was impressed with the sound and portability. I decided to buy one of my own after looked at several other makes and models all of which were more money. Plenty of connectivity along with base adapters to hold most Ipod models securely. The little subwoofer and 'ambiance' switch make decent sound even at non-annoyingly low volume levels. Close to being a steal at the $59.00 I paid for i 
This unit failed to provide reliable power to my new Toshiba Satellite A60 laptop. It cycled on and off every 3 seconds. It powered a 100 watt lamp okay, but wouldn't start a 250 watt heat lamp at all. Product spec sheet says it can supply 400 watt surge and 200 watts for 2 min., and is rated at 140 watts continuous. My laptop power supply is rated at 2A input at 100-240 VAC, and if it drew 2A constantly I agree that it would need 200 to 230 watts, which exceeds the continuous rating of this inverter. However, even at that power demand the inverter should run it for 1-2 min., but only manages 3 sec. In addition, I doubt that the laptop power supply actually draws a full 2.0 amps continuously. I talked to Linksys support, and they suggested returning the unit for replacement or refund, so I did. It did not work for me. Maybe it would work for a laptop that only needs 100 watts, but I wouldn't recommend it for more than that 
This is the 2nd Gamepad I've owned (My first PC was in 1993). The 1st gamepad was the Gravis Gamepad (4-button + D-Pad). I recently upraded and there is no GAME/MIDI port on the new system, plus I need more buttons for Need For Speed Most Wanted, etc. I love this controller. I've had it for two days and have had nothing but excellent results. I've only used it in NFS games (I have them all). The WiFi works flawlessly and I have a WiFi network in my house. Installation is simple and takes maybe 3mins. The rumble only works on games which have forced feedback software. This is totally understandable. The feedback in NFS-MW is very slight but that's not the controllers fault, it's a matter of programming by EA Games. I like the weight of the controller. It's not feather light, so with that motor and battery weight added, it feels more like a premium device (just like the 67$ with tax I paid for it - canadian dollars). I didn't like how my gravis gamepad as so light, so this is a step up. The analog sticks are a great for racing as they are progressive like a steering wheel. They are rubber gripped for non-slip action. I am used to the D-Pad, so I have mine setup in NFS to use both as a directional control without having to press the MODE button to switch because you don't have time during a race to press a button before switching. It works as well as my old gamepad, but feels betetr and has extra buttons and the other features listed make it worth the money. If you in the USA, you'll be getting a much better deal. It lists for 60$ cnd here but only 30$ US in the states. CONS: It's not as comfortable to hold as I would like but its much better than my Gravis Gamepad and the buttons are easier to hit on the new one. CONCLUSION: I'm very satisfied overall and I knew I may have to get used to the way it feels when I hold this controller since changing from the old SNES style Gravis Gamepad. 4/5 rating only because it could be easier to hold 
After using RCA and Creative (both suck), I decided to try an iPod--this one since only a moron watches video on a 3-4 inch screen. iTunes doesn't like M$ too much I guess. iTunes is really crappy software. If you have a big WMA audio collection, go elsewhere. Conversion causes sound quality loss especially if you ripped at 64kbps. Protected files can't be converted so you have to burn to a CD then let iTunes rip it. If you don't use iTunes to buy music, 5 stars. If you do, 1 star. The iPod, which I returned after discovering it would take months to convert to iPod compatibility, is flawlessly designed and takes a licking. Google "itunes problems" and you'll find a lot of hate for iTunes. My problem: why NOT support WMA files? iPod would grab 99% of the market if they did and kill the upcoming M$ MP3 player that will even play iTunes stuff 
I originally purchased the unit during the winter because of a sale, but I didn't install it until the beginning of July for our cross country trip from Oregon to Wash. DC. During the trip, there was quite a bit of interuption from hillsides and tall trees in the Pacific Northwest. I kind of wondered how well the reception would work in the city. Once I got out of the NW, I had no problems picking up a signal unless I was in a long tunnel or deep valley. I did notice the unit did get hot during the trip and I think that is why it is acting the way it is now (two months later). It works fine when first turned on, but after 15 minutes, the signal flutuates and at times, no signal is received. The tech support said that I needed to check the wires, but since it is 'recently' installed and it doesn't happen when first turned on, I'm ruling it a receiver problem. The unit is placed just below the radio head and has been exposed to direct sunlight when parked. I'm sure it didn't help. I'm currently looking for a better unit and XM said they would transfer the remainder of the account to the new radio without inducing an activation charge. 
I bought this even with the bad reviews. I have one of it's predecessors, a black one and it worked fantastically for 5 or 6 years. It still does but the on/off button finally died. I figured... how bad could it be? The one I have worked great until now. It's BAD. It's AWFUL. It's WORTHLESS. I've had to enter the codes for my tv and vcr 3 times today. The batteries are brand new... that's the first thing I tried. DO NOT BUY THIS. I only gave it a 1 because you can't give it a zero 
Bought it for my elderly mother, who is getting hard of hearing. The volume control on each handset has helped her a lot. She also says that the clarity from the handset is better than anything phone she's had before. The extra large size base unit dial buttons are also very helpful for her 
The zen micro is brilliant I have dropped it a load of times and it still works fine i've dropped it on the kitchen tiles twice, i've dropped it a few times in the yard and it still works perfect. I had to buy new headphones for it which made the sound quality much better. It is very easy to transfer files to it I always use windows media player to transfer files as it is easier to use than the creative software. I use it everyday and the battery lasts a good while for me. Overall the zen micro is a very good product 
The product description for these speakers is misleading. They do not plug directly into a DVD player or game console. Then, after buying the adapters and doing the initial setup, three of the five speakers did not work. Perhaps these speakers are a good solution for PCs, but that's not why we bought them, and we immediately sent them back 
Ordered for my HP4705. This is not a bluetooth keyboard. they sent two of them both the same non-bluetooth item. Now I have to send back and hope I get credit 
I bought this mouse and have used it for over a year now. The nice part about this mouse is the range and the fact that when it works, it works beautifully. When it doesn't work, it is erratic and locks up. Turn it on and off and while the LED will light up, it will still not work well. This is the hint that the battery is low. The mouse comes with two rechargable NiMH AAA batteries. These are 650mAh batteries and are not the best. I bought 4 1000mAh AccuPower NiMH batteries. I keep 2 in the charger. These batteries work great and when fully charged will give me a month of use at about 8 hours a day. But as soon the mouse starts to get erratic, you have to swap the batteries. Do this and you will really like this mouse. Another nice feature for this mouse is the range. You can use your laptop as a DVD player connected to your TV and sitting out of the way. The mouse makes a nice remote control 
I tried it with 3 differnt usb sticks and I could sometiems successfully record a 3 minute songs, but most of the time it failed. I tried to record with an ipod - no success and also with 2 different external usb harddrives. I'm very glad that amazon took this unit back. I would not recommend this unit. 
I was terribly disappointed in this product which I bought for use in my Canon Pixma iP6000D printer. The image is grainy and, if you touch the photo within 5 minutes, you will leave marks. I laid anothe picture on top of one done 5 minutes earlier, and they stuck together. I have had very good luck with Canon paper 
This Item is not described correctly. This ITEM is NOT for Garmin c550 or Any of the C line. I had to returned it at my OWN EXPENSE. AMAZON please correct the description of the ITEM 
Note: This is a review of the Targus PA225U Retractable Phone Ethernet Cord (Plastic Casing). It's the rectangular model, not the oval shaped one. I'm on the road 50-75% of the time for work and have used this on almost every trip. I initially bought it because I forgot my regular network cord while traveling and needed to buy something quickly. I like to be able to move around in the hotel room and use this cord along with a cheap little plastic cable joiner to connect it to the hotel internet connection so I can sit on the couch or bed while connected to the internet. I've experimented with a travel wireless router but keep coming back to the wired connection when the wireless connection has problems. I've used it for over a year and have never had any problems with the retraction 
If you have a 30 gig. video iPod, mabey. But for a 60 gig. it is too tight to it, got a mark on iPod after taking it out, covered up part of the screen on mine, and I'm taking it back right away. It is a waste of money to buy this product and I made a mistake by getting it for myself. Get a different case than this one 
I wasnt sure how these Iron-Ons would work since one of the ratings on them was negative. But I just did a practice iron-on on my daughters shirts. It was so easy and they peeled off very well. My girls love their shirts with their own pictures on them. These are a great buy and worth their money 
these are extremely uncomfortable. It's too tight and will hurt the ears. However, if you're head is small enough, perhaps it might be okay. On the bright side, they sound extremely well 
These Verbatim discs have the DataLife Plus layer of protection that will allow them to last 100+ years. I'm a professional photographer and it's crucial to store my client's digital photos and artwork onto a disc that will remain stable in years to come. I've tried many brands and types of discs and have lost data (read errors) many times but so far with the hundreds of Verbatim discs I've burned so far, I haven't had a problem yet. The Kodak brand discs were also excellent, but Kodak discontinued making them. SONY also makes a good disc. These discs can be printed on directly with an ink jet printer such as the Epson R200/R300/R320, and the surface area is printable right up to the hub! I have no reason to switch to any other brand as long as Verbatim continues to make a great disc 
This CF card is perfect for anybody who needs a high capacity (e.g. for hi-res pics) but doesn't care about the transfer speed. It may be a bit annoying though - especially if you try to download all the 2GBs from the card to your hard drive because it takes some time. I do still consider it a real good purchase ; 
With a destructive toddler in the house I like to back up my DVD movies. Having recently purchased a 25 unit spindle, I recently tried backing up several DVDs with my sony DRU-710A 16x DVD recorder. Although the recording process initially did seem to work smoothly, when I attemped to play back the disks recorded at 16x speed, I would have read errors and lockups on DVD players usually towards the end of the film (the outside of the physical disk, where maximum recording speed is obtained.) I did have better reliability recording at 4x speed and suspect that 8x writes will work fine as well. Given the fact that I paid a premium for this new high speed media, I am disappointed. I have had nearly 100% reliability with Memorex 8x DVD+R, recently making 25 successful recordings in a row with this brand (ASIN: B0001MKU4S 
While a nice product packed with great features when it works, the bottom line is that it does NOT support TWAIN drivers, meaning you can not scan through ANY application other than ScanSnap. BIG MINUS. Second minus is JAMS, JAMS, JAMS. I have barely used this machine, but the double feeds are incredible (the rollers are new and the machine is clean). I even tried using high grade color laser copier paper, but STILL double feeds big time! Upon occasion, I get a good feed, and I am so thankful for that. If you are planning to do some serious office organizing with various types of paper, sizes and paper weights, skip this product and go for a ADF flatbed scanner. This baby will JAM up your day and consume all of your time with fiddling, reorganizing the misfeeds and clearing jams. Think deeply before buying this one. Also, with an ADF flatbed, you can scan books, and unusual documents (thin paper, very heavy paper) that an ADF (and the ScanSnap) won't process by simply lifting the lid of the ADF and taking the scan directly on the glass. With ScanSnap, you are screwed 
This is a nice 4 line phone, but the digital answering system does not work. We have 2 984's and several other brand 4-line phones. I could not find any way to make either 984 work as a four line answering system. Auto-Attendent is useless in our situation. These phones are certainly not worth the money. Unfortunately there aren't many 4-line phones on the market and apparently no 4-line digital answering systems 
It's better if you spend your money in something else. It has a ridiculous transmitting power. So bad that even radio transmitters from miles away interferes with this device 1 ft from the radio receiver. The audio quality is so bad that totally destroys the pleasure of listening to your music. In fact this device should be forbidden to be sold or should be tagged as phony advertise 
I bought this for my folks for Christmas. It took no time at all to hook up, and making DVDs was simple. Everything from recording off the TV, to recording movies and shows stored on the DVR, to transferring home movies from the original VHS tapes. I'm sure for about $300 more you could purchase some higher end recorders, but for under $200, you really can't go wrong. The only flaw I could find is that the initial hookup (according to the book) didn't seem quite right. After taking a whole 2 minutes to look up the easy to read instructions online, everything went smoothly. Because of that, I'm still going to give it a full 5 stars..it's not as if those 2 whole minutes ruined our life. Really, if you're new to this technology, you're not going to have any problems..believe me..A++ 
I bought several packs of these batteries 6 months ago. They were great at first, but now most of them won't hold a charge at all. They discharge in 2 weeks without even being in a device. DON'T buy them! They're JUNK 
Product-wise, the card has worked fine, but then memory cards generally either work or they don't. Product was shipped in a timely manner, and the price was reasonable 
I had this GPS device for only 3 days and found it to be no better than mediocre. Although at one point I was able to track 6 WAAS satellites and the display claimed accuracy to 17 feet, while driving along a straight road for 5.5 miles, it indicated that I was traveling approximately 350 feet to the side of the road. On two occasions on this straight road, it said I actually crossed the road and traveled on the opposite side. I conducted a test by placing the unit where it would have an unobstructed view of the sky for 1 hour and leave it motionless. The trip computer reported that it had moved nearly a quarter-mile during that hour. I checked the accuracy at 15-minute intervals and it was constantly reporting accuracy between 12-24 feet. The base maps are crude and inaccurate - a major 4-lane road (Hwy 7) in Tacoma, WA stops at 38th street. Really?!? If I drive down Hwy 7, it goes a couple of miles farther than the unit shows. While using the compass you must hold the unit level in order to obtain accurate readings - understandable. There is even a little message that tells you to hold it level if you are off a little - nice. I tried and tried to find "level" according to the unit and after about 3 or 4 minutes was able to determine where "level" was. It was nowhere close to actual level. Now, if I am trying to navigate with the unit's compass while it is mounted to my bike, there is no way it is going to be level and accurate. At 5.3 ounces, it doesn't even pass off as a good paperweight. Fortunately I was able to return it to the seller with no problems for a full refund (Thank you REI!). I found out that Wal-Mart.com sells the unit for 50 bucks less than REI after I bought it though. Recommendation: If you need a paperweight, get a rock - if you need a GPS, get a different one. 
I didn't buy this on Amazon but wanted to say this device is great. The only bad thing was MY laptop is old! Can't go wrong with this one 
Mine worked great for the first few months, then I started getting the "warning, check battery". If you take the batteries out and reinsert, it works for a few hours but then the same warning message comes up. It happened on both headsets. I called customer service and they told me this is the first time they've ever heard that (uh huh - doesn't sound like it from the reviews here). A little too expensive to replace yearly.. 
If you are like me and dont really care about the "best" sound quality you can possibly have, and don't mind the tiny bit of static (keep in mind I live in a city) then this is for you. Its simple, it works, and Im glad that I bought it, and that it didnt break the bank. I like it 
This is the 4th spindle I've ordered and I haven't had a problem with any of my DVDs. 
Manufactured of a soft gray felt like material, a tough leather bottom, and draw string closure at the top, this lens pouch helps protect your lens from dust and the elements. I store my lenses in a camera bag, and these cases fit nicely around the lens taking up little precious space. This case is meant for use with the Canon 16-35mm f/2.8L USM, 17-40mm f/4L USM, 10-22mm f/3.5-4.5 EF/EFS lenses. These L lenses normally come with the case when sold new. There is no need to buy one as Amazon often suggests. However if your case is worn, replacing it to protect your lens is recommended. PROS: Protects your glass investment CONS: I cannot think of an 
I have had my Pocket PC for quite some time now, and I love the convenience that it offers. Plus: - Great color screen - Fast and easy to use. - Cradle adaptor is nice so you can able to sync files from pc to pocket pc. - Includes Word, Notes, Calender, Calculator, Recorder, Window Media Player, etc... (HELPFUL) - Expandable Con - Although it is expandable, you can't use your memory card to do anything but save materials. I am unable to listen to 256 mb songs... but i have to copy and paste song from the card to the pc every time I get sick of listening to the same song. - Low battery life! Other than that... it is great... user-friendly... and helpful if you are busy student or a college student... I use it to: 1) types notes in class (why carry a laptop when you can get this) 2) MP3 player... besides the issue above, music quality is great... easy to transfer from pc to pocket pc. 3) calender and agenda... (keep important dates in check and be on tops of things 
I bought it last april and i didnt realize that slide lock key was too weak, and now I try to write data but a message is about the data is secure (locked) 
I'm mad. I bought this one to replace my old one. This one and the other one are doing the samething. I had a chat with an HP service helper and they determined that it was broke. Their customer service is top notch thought! They are sending me a new one for free and apearently I get to keep the ink cartidges for free because of my troubles 
I picked this up for 50 dollars to replace a 75-dollar Uniden that had a sticky "talk" button and muffled sound qaulity. The Panasonic blows the Uniden away. The sound is clear, crisp, and intimate, the ring selection is varied (I prefer the nonobtrusive default setting). The controls are easy to use. The quality and finish of the materials is high. I am now a loyal Panasonic phone buyer 
Obviously HP has a design flaw on the magenta cartridges. I have also experienced leakage from only the magenta (why only this one? 
Okay so it was about 8:45 at night. I was coming on to a 1/2 mile long bridge that goes over a lake where I live. I was doing 60mph, the speed limit is 40. As I start to approach the bridge I start getting a small K-Band warning. I instantly slow down to the speed limit. As I start crossing the bridge the warning keeps increasing so I slow down even more to 35 mph. Then it gets to full K-Band. I look to my left where there is a service parking area, and in the pitch dark I see the reflectors of the one and only Crown Vic Police Car. As I pass the police car, I start flashing all the oncoming cars to tell them that there is a cop ahead. If I didn't have this detector he would have gotten me doing 20 over the limit. Thank you Escort! 
We travel quite a bit, both business and pleasure, domestic and international... so the idea of a pocket wireless router was a God send. We bought this one at the beginning of our annual leave (aka tour the US in a month). We'd heard good things about the D-Link but with the rebates, this one was practically free.... there was a reason it's always on sale. It took forever to set up. The old firmware is buggy, the new firmware is difficult and touchy to install. The router itself does not seem to be compatible with most personal cable/DSL modems. Out of the eight houses we were in, it would only work with one, although it appeared to connect with several others. It did work with the Ethernet connection of about 70% of the hotels... but that's not a great average. It also gets very very hot and than will quit working until it cools down again. Frustrating. After the first week we went out and got the pocket D-Link.. excellent- plug it in and it works EVERYWHERE: personal homes, questionable modems, hotels, etc... we have used it from Alabama to Bangkok and everywhere in between. It's also about half the size of the Netgear. Save the hassle and get it first. ... also a tip, pick up a little usb wi-fi adaptor with your router. You will find that many people without a wireless router already, will only have a desktop, and you will need to make it "wireless" as you will be connecting their modem to your router. 
I bought this phone over 6 months ago and absolutely love it! It has great sound quality. I love the features it has such as speakerphone, caller ID, and it's phone directory. The only thing that is not great about this phone is that the base and the headset each have their own memory and you will need to enter people twice-into both directories. Oher than that, this is a GREAT phone. I have owned panasonic and GE cordless phones in the past and had problems. I even bought and returned 2 phones before trying and keeping this phone. 
What a waste of money. For $300 you shouldn't HAVE to buy a protection plan for the 2nd year of a products life; unfortunately the poor quality of iPods makes it a necessity. BUT, the protection plan is riddled with clauses that exclude any number of reasonable issues. I've bought Apple for the last 15 years, but never again will I send them my money 
I've owned this headphone for about a year now, and I've got to say, after going through multiple headphones, this beats all others I've tried. If this one ever broke (I doubt that'll happen anytime soon), I'll surely buy another one again! Pros: - Comfortable to wear. The ear cushions are indeed comfortable to wear for extended periods of time. Even if you wear glasses, you won't feel uncomfortable. - Clear treble, middle, and bass. You can hear all the subtle sounds in your song clearly. Even with completely flat EQ setting, the headset does very good job with sound (provided you increase the volume up a bit more). As with any headphones, take time to 'break it in' to have it function the best it can (it means, to leave music playing on the headphone for very extended period of time non-stop, about 24 or 32 hours). - Sturdy wires. This headphone seems to have been designed based on recording studio-level headphones in this regard. The wire is very thick and long. Also, it's single wire format. Cons: - Ear padding is perhaps, too soft. This means it won't fully cover your ear area, and some of sound may leak out. So note that when you listen to your music loud in public places. Although, at first few weeks, the ear padding is relatively hard. If you are looking for a headphone that will ensure your music will never leak out, look into getting in-ear canal type headphones instead. - As some others have pointed out, tilting your head too forward or backward will make your headphone just drop from where it is at. So be cautious of your movements. - You might not want to wear this kind of headphone during summer due to poor ventilation. But this affects all closed headphones, so it's not a huge negative point. - The headphone is quite big and on a small head, you may have a difficult time keeping it up on your head. The size of the headphone is designed for a fully grown average adult head. That's all I've got to say, and overall, this headset is definitely worth your money 
I also ordered the Antec SX-1030 (which has yet to be shipped! arrgghh!!). According to Antec, the 1030 includes 2 fans, but has space for 2 more, which is where this one comes in! For those of you wondering what size small is, it's an 80mm fan. Good airflow (don't know actual CFM) and pretty quiet 
For reference, I've owned a set of Labtec APX-6420 2.1 speakers for about 6-7 years now. With the purchase of a a new computer (Mac Pro + Cinema Display) I decided it was also time to upgrade my speakers. I spent a very long time mulling over different brands and models, listening to them in stores whenever possible. Of the major "PC speaker" makers, I recall sampling Altec Lansing, Logitech, Klipsch, Bose, Creative, and JBL. Aside from listening in stores (a poor environment) I also took into account personal experience with the brands (mostly the first three I listed) in regular "home" situations. I initially wanted the Klipsch ProMedia 2.1's because of the fantastic reviews they've gotten on Amazon and elsewhere, but was turned off to them because of the apparently poor build quality (parts breaking very quickly), along with reports of buzzing, the power switch being on the back of the subwoofer, my impression of them in stores, and experience with a friend's ProMedia 4.1's (which neither I nor him really cared for, and which recently broke). I tried as many Logitech speakers as I could in many different situations and decided I HATE ALL OF THEM (with the sole exception of the Z-5500's which I own and love)! The bass especially sucks on their speakers. So... through all this I eventually came to the conclusion that Altec Langsing was the brand I wanted to go with. And if that was so, it had to be the FX6021's which I had been eyeing for years. The first time I heard them in a store I declared them my favorite of the selection at the time and the same is still true. These are probably the best sub-$200 2.1 PC speakers you can buy. Even at their MSRP of $250 they're probably worth it. These speakers a very nice! The sound is very clear and sharp. Get ready to hear all the distortion in your low bitrate digital audio files. The speakers especially shine when listen to live recordings or anything that was produced by real instruments (i.e. not techno, though that sounds good too). Subwoofer is NOT "boomy" or "buzzy" like others have reported. I never use the equalizer in iTunes and have the bass at about half. It's very deep, rich, and discrete. Doesn't shake the floor or cause my neighbors to complain--yes, I live in an apartment too and bass is a concern of mine. For those who complain about the bass: maybe you shouldn't have gotten 2.1 speakers? Maybe your units were defective? Or perhaps the subwoofer was placed in a very poor position? I know sound is highly subjective, but those reviews just don't sound right to me. PROs: * Tall, sleek, and sexy satellites provide a nice wall of sound and match the Cinema Display perfectly. * Bass and treble have a *large* range of adjustability. 50% of either is plenty enough for me. * Power button on control pod * This is important: NO BUZZING. Not while they're on, not while they off. 100% silent. CONs: * Volume adjustment is digital and moves in "notches"; these notches aren't always small enough. I much prefer a regular analog knob. * Remote is a bit useless * While they look good and perform well, they feel a little cheap * Get ready for lots of cables hanging from your desk and all over the floor (on the other hand, long cables are a PRO as well) And finally, don't be fooled by specs. Yes, other speakers may have more watts of power and THX certification, but that really doesn't matter as much as it might seem. These are more than loud enough for any sane person (100% volume would probably wake up the neighborhood). I really didn't pay any attention to the specs, I bought them because they sound the best 
I was never happy with this product. The picture always had a green tint and would not adjust out. After less than a year the tube blew out. 
I am glad I bought this backpack. It exceeded all my expectations. I strongly recommend this one 
I had to 'fix' this ipod holder with a bicycle hand grip to stop it from shaking my ipod. I have a decent car and the roads are just ok but this thing shakes and shakes. I also put one of those beer coolers around the base of the foam hand grip and its now rock solid. Oh yeah and it holds the ipod just right too. I also put some of those velcro dots on the bottom for a little more security from my cup holder 
I just thought people should know that you can by the shuffle from Apple and have it engraved and shipped for free for $79.00 (everyday price). So Amazon is not really offering a great deal here 
I'm very happy with the set. Although not listed in the specs, it must have a QAM tuner, because I am able to watch unscrambled digital broadcasts through my cable service even though all I have is basic cable. I was thrilled when I made this discovery. Watching football games in HD, without paying for digital cable, almost made me weep with happiness. The picture quality for analog channels is only so-so. I really wish the remote was illuminated. Also, Amazon took much longer to deliver the TV than was promised. Other than these negatives, I'm very happy 
If you buy this service plan, print out the contract and keep your receipt. I did not purchase the plan, but looked over the contract intensely since I nearly got it. Some notes on the contract: 1. It is only good in the United States (including Washington, DC, but MINUS MAINE), but it does not include Guam, Virgin Islands, etc. So if you are in another country or outside the 50 states + D.C., this contract will be nothing but a waste of money. 2. This contract is transferable and the directions to do so are simple. 3. They will only fix/replace/etc IF the manufacturing warranty no longer covers the item. That is, if the manu. warranty is still good, you have to use it. 4. If the item needs to be shipped, shipping/handling will only be covered if the manufacturer would cover those costs in their warranty period. If the item is being replaced, "You will be responsible for the delivery or cost of delivery of the covered Product to Our authorized service center. Reimbursement will be issued in the form of a check payable to You." I'm uncertain if that means you cover those costs or they reimburse you. 5. No lemon policy of 3 service repairs for the SAME defect, and a upon the time of a 4th repair, as determined by them, they will "replace it with a product of comparable performance. Repairs performed while the Product is under manufacturer's warranty DO NOT APPLY." (Doesn't sound like a great no lemon policy... your product would have to breakdown in the same way 4 times in the number of years they cover you -- many electronics are typically already covered by the manufacturer for 1 year.) 6. There are numerous conditions that they will not repair for, but they all sound typical of such plans (such as, they don't cover accidents and they don't cover "the elements or acts of God" ... sorry, I had to note that second one since it stuck out to me from the other things). But, in all seriousness, read the list before you purchase. So, now that I have summarized much of the contract, if you want to get the service warranty, PLEASE READ THE CONTRACT SINCE I DIDN'T COVER EVERYTHING!!! (Don't hold me liable since I don't have much money anyways.) Also, I think this is typical in warranty contracts, but you will occassionally see the phrase "at our discretion" in the contract. Assuming they aren't jerks with their discretion and aren't too tough to deal with, I would give the warranty 4 stars (minus 1 star for the crappy lemon policy). I didn't get the coverage because the product I was going to get it for had just made into the next price category (so it was pricy for my product, being at the lower price end of the scale) 
Does not live up to expectations. Sound is tinny. Hard to find stations, very narrow band of reception...plan to purchase a grundig 
I was unsure at first if this product would work with my iPod nano, but after checking out Griffin's website, I decided to go ahead and order it. It works great! I like to play Solitaire and read text files on my nano, so the battery charge runs down much faster than it would if I didn't use the screen so much. TuneJuice means I don't ever have to worry about that again. I just keep a couple of 9V batteries with me, and I can keep listening, playing, reading or whatever on my nano as long as I want. Love it. ------- I posted the above review on May 22, 2006 after having had the TuneJuice for almost 3 weeks. Two of those weeks were spent on vacation and this little gadget got a *lot* of use. Now, about 5 months after first receiving the TuneJuice, I'm about to order my second one - to replace the first one. I still love it, and did get a *lot* of use out of it, but snapping 9V batteries on and off so many times caused the wires leading from inside the battery compartment to the 'snaps' that connect to the battery itself to break off. Despite that, I feel like I got my money's worth and I'm buying another one 
I like other Lacie drives I've used very much, thought I'd take a chance on this, but it just does not work. It takes me about a hundred swipes on average to get the biometric sensor to work...That is keeping data a bit TOO secure to be helpful. Also there have been reports of complete data loss by others,but I've not had that experience - could be I just haven't been able to GET to my data enough to find out. Support from Lacie was completely unhelpful (wash your hands and the sensor before swiping which I have already done dozens of times was the only suggestion). If the drive could be partioned so you could have a secure partition and an easier to access partion, the failure of biometrics would not be so serious, but as is, I would definitely not purchase this again, and I would strongly advise against it unless there is some kind of firmware or other improvement 
At the moment I am in the middle of a 3-day ordeal sorting out Outlook 2002, which comes with the ipaq. Outlook 2002 has many many many known bugs (which only now I find out) and I can't for the life of me figure out why HP would ship it with their hardware. DO NOT INSTALL OUTLOOK 2002 on your machine. The ipaq itself may be OK, but if this is a foreshadowing of the fun to come.. 
I got the dash mount because a friend recommended it. I thought the windshield mount worked fine except it was difficult to remove from the windshield. I felt like I should remove it each time I parked somewhere. Also, there was a fair amount of vibration since it usually was dangling. The dash mount is very heavy and flexible enough to "mold" to fit the surface of the dash. However, it kept slipping off the surface of my Toyota Avalon until I found a little sticky pad to put it on. That solved that problem. Anyway, it is very easy to move it to the floorboard and cover it up when I stop, thus effectively hiding it from the temtation of a robber 
I was not able to get this card working with my Win2K laptop. I'm no novice, have configured the rest of my wireless network without any problem, and have had a friend's Netgear card working in the same system. I called tech support and after working with me they said the card was defective and to send it back, which I did. However, I had the same problem with the replacement card. So, I can't recommend this product 
Wow this is a real piece of junk if you have any other wireless devices going on in the home. And who nowadays doesn't? There is so much noise you can't even hear yourself think. Oh well lesson learned. If I could have given this device a zero I would have. 
This was a breeze to setup, even with WPA2 to ensure privacy. I also hooked up an Xbox360 and it has never failed in since I bought it about 6 month ago. Much better value then your average gaming adaptor since it has multiple ports so you can hook up all your gizmos at the entertainment center rather then buying a wireless adaptor for each (i.e. Tivo, PS2, etc...) I love it, and for the price, you could not beat it. 
I had been using the lock for my laptop for the past 4 months without any trouble. All of a sudden, today, as I went to pick up the lock, which had been left untouched in the open position overnight with my combination in it, it decided to change combinations by itself. So it was in the locked position but the combination is still the one I had set. I tried so many combinations 'around' mine but obviously there are so many different possibilites. The fact that I even have to try to think of what combination my lock decided to change itself to today makes this a lock I can't rely on 
Amazon says that it is in stock. Do not believe it. I ordered it at 8/26 and they could not even ship it at 10/1. They delayed it several times saying that it is in stock. Of course the website says that it is always "IN STOCK" and can ship it now. Maybe their now is like 3 months... My current keyboard has broken keys, and I have serious inconvenience because of this 
My first GPS. It was pretty expensive and had lots of nice features (ability to save many tracks). The software is very US-centric. It worked very well on the flat and in unwooded conditions. However don't use one of these things to navigate in the bush (use a compass). The technology is just not there to cope with either valleys or an overhead canopy. It was handy to confrm where I was when I found a clearing on top of a hill. Finally although the battery life is better than most it is still abysmal. In summary these things are still a toy for a tramper rather than an essential tool 
just enough space to save video, photo, music etc... all your files in one place and also is compatible with mac... i love it. 
I used this card on my Nokia N70 for storing mp3 files. Granted I can't fit my entire music collection on it, but if I wanted to, I'd buy an iPod. This is perfect for listening to my favourite songs on the go, as well as taking pictures and video clips! Highly recommended 
I opened it, I put it in my PSP and that was it. I had plenty of space on the memory stick and I personally didn't have to do any special formatting I just popped it in and that was it. I did want to add, buy this online because in my comparison shopping it was much more expensive in brick and morter stores I visited 
I got mine to work in about 30 min following S Huffs directions below (followed exactly). There was only one thing not mentioned that I had to do to get it to work. Once you get into the settings on the range extender to enable WEP and put in the key and passphrase, I had to turn WEP back on on my router before saving the settings on the range extender. Basically just put step 6 before you save settings in step 5, this is what worked for me at any rate. I've had it for about 4 months now and it has worked as advertised. I gave it 4 stars because set up was still kind of a pain. From S Huff: The tips that Anthony Taylor left helped me get it working... but I still had some issues. I've added onto his tips from his review below 1-Disable WEP on your Router or AP 2-Hold the auto-configuration button for 30 seconds(if everything goes well both lights on the expander will turn blue) and unplug while still holding button. Plug back in after 10-15 secs. 3-open your Internet explorer browser and type 192.168.1.240 (default ip of expander), a window will pop up. leave the user name blank and put admin as a password (this is default password). 4-make sure that the default gateway and subnet mask settings are identical with your Router or AP,change password on the expander if desired save settings. (all settings should be correct due to auto configuration) 5-Enable WEP on the expander, once again remember use same settings that you will be putting in your router or AP in step 6 -- aka same passphrase), save settings again. 5.5 - As soon as you enable WEP on your expander - you will loose your connection to it as it's now setup for WEP and your router isn't - keep this in mind - drove me nuts. 6-Go to your Router or Ap settings and enable WEP. 7 - UNPLUG your expander for 10 to 15 seconds and plug it back in -- Bang you're DONE. Enjoy 
Yes, yes, I know. Griffin has iPod Mini compatability all over their RoadTrip web page. But the sad fact is, when you recieve it you will NOT find an adapter for the iPod Mini in the box although there are adapters for other iPods. When you read the instruction book you will find that you must purchase an adapter from Apple Computer to make it work. Calling Apple, I find that they no longer sell the adapter. When I called Griffin I was surprised to find that if you have any other iPod than Mini and the adapter is not in the box, they will send you one. They recommended that I return the RoadTrip, which is what I did. Save yourself the aggrevation -- if you have an iPod Mini stay away from Griffin Technology 
Bottom line up front: Works very well, very low price, works much better with the included drivers than with the generic windows xp driver Detailed review: I bought this so I could use my new Treo 700w with my non-bluetooth-enabled laptop. The price was my main motivation in buying it. Initially I just plugged it in and used the default windows xp drivers and it worked okay, however it didn't always work and i'd have to unplug/replug for my phone and the device to find and talk to each other. After getting tired of that, I decided to install the drivers that ship with the product. I've had a much better experience since i did that. I was afraid the software would be really clunky given the cheap price, but it's actually quite good and gives you a TON of options that the standard XP driver does not provide. If you use a this with a laptop and you dock/undock it, you'll have much better luck if you stop the adapter prior to docking/undocking. Otherwise, you'll probably end up having to unplug/replug it 
Works better than any other glossy paper I have used with my Epson 960 
This LEXAR brand has had issues with it's Memory Cards. I lost lots of pictures from a vacation to Disney World and a Convention. Their site had SOFTWARE that was to help recover some of those lost images!! I have never had Flash memory trouble until LEXAR! I now only buy SCANDISK items. Samsung invented this tecnology and SD is their product. The Store I bought the LEXAR chip was in a hurry to give me another chip I could trust. He gave me the higher costing SD chip. I wasn't the first to have issues from buying it in his store. He took a $50.00 loss to make me happy. People take lots of photos now that we went Digital. Imagine looking for some pictures you know you took and they are not there! Most think they messed up. WIth this chip you will have that happen so pay very close attention. Most of what is lost can not be recovered. Pay the extra money for SCANDISK. 
I didn't have the same experience as the "Great support from Lexar" review below. The rubber caps on the Sport Jumpdrives will quickly split open and you will probably loose your jumpdrive when it fall off your keychain. Unlike the person below, Lexar would not send me a free replacement. They said that I could go to their web site an purchase another rubber cap. Poor support for a poor product 
This drive suffers from repeated Delayed Write File errors. Ultimately it means you WILL lose all the data on it. It is extremely noisy to the point of damaging your hearing. Lacie support is poor. AVOID 
Obviously, there are far better printers on the market. But if you're looking for a quality 3-in-one in the $100 to $150 range, this one seems to be at the top of the pack. There are nicer printers out there in this price range. However, you will be severely penalized when it comes to purchasing ink. Hewlett-Packard printers tend to be the most friendly when it comes to buying refilled cartridges or refilling your own cartridges. It prints fast, it prints well, and I enjoy the double-sided printing feature. This printer has been consistently rated by users as being accurate in its color prints, although I've done little color printing myself. The scans are not the greatest as they leave small artifacts at regular intervals when you zoom in in Photoshop. The artifact is a vertical line which bisects the picture and offsets each side by a few pixels. They're not really noticeable to the naked eye and you won't see them unless you're editing the picture and have blown it up considerably. Still, it's probably not the best for archiving your photos. (I expect there's a bur on the plastic gear that rolls down the rack pinion) However, flaws are to be expected in this price range and the listed flaws of this printer are nominal. Given my research two months ago, and performance I've encountered after purchasing this printer, and the ease with which I was able to refill the ink cartridges; I'd say this is the best printer you can buy for $100,(as of Nov 2006) if you don't want to be extorted into paying exorbitant ink prices, for say, an Epson 
Install went smooth on my W2K/dell inspiron notebook. Everything worked fine for 24 hours then it just stopped. Worked with customer support for about an hour getting nowhere. This thing is junk. I'm sending it back 
Cons: Defect: the backlight does not work. Shortcoming: has Palm OS 3.1, an early version for Handspring Visors. Neutral: (expedited) Shipping time: 5 days Pros: Price PS: Vendor customer support contacted me and provided a replacement unit with a working backlight, free of additional charge :) 
Before you buy this drive, be sure to Google "Cypress AT2LP RC42" and "western digital". Until yesterday, I recommended this drive to everyone. Then my drive failed, prompting me for new hardware and to install a driver for Cypress AT2LP RC42. It appears that there is a chip in the drive housing manufactured by Cypress that is failing in drives left and right. (Class action suit anyone?) The Western Digital support staff is no help. Act like they have never heard of this error. Offer no option to just switch out the housing. Will replace drive- but you lose all the data. There are $30 replacement housings available - but you void your warranty. Bottom line - if you buy this drive, be prepared for it to fail. Keep everything backed up, because there will come a day that this drive will fail 
I was in the market for a new inkjet and finally settled on this printer. The photo output is awesome and it's very fast! There are only two things I would comment on that new users might not be aware of. I was ready to return the printer as I thought it was defective until I found out what the problems were. 1) When the cartridges dry out, it will tell you that the cartridges are incompatible. This was confusing as I did have the correct cartridges in the printer. A "replace cartridge" message would have been less ambiguous. 2) The printer has so far appeared "dead" once. When I went to turn it on, it would not do so. The solution is on HP's website - you must remove the rear door and do a hard reset. I did this and the printer worked fine again. The printer does not come with a USB cable, but those can be easily bought for $14-20. 
I am very happy with this product. It folds super slim, so traveling with it is a breeze! Pretty good sound - not Bose quality, but for the price, very respectable! I've had it almost a year, and it has been along on many weekend get-aways, and works great. I use it alot, so it was a good purchase for me 
Monster has went over the top on this THX component video cable. Instantly noticed a superior picture 
Not at all durable due to very, very cheap construction. I had to massage my batteries to get the speakers to play. A total waste of time to purchase, try to use and return. Couldn't even give these away 
This bookstand, despite the description, is not suitable for heavy books. If you put heavy books on this, the stand that props up the whole unit is likely to snap off. 
I have been using these fans for the stalls in our horse barn for years. It keeps the flies away and cools down the whole barn. The barn is dusty and the fans collect a lot of dirt. I wash them down each year and they are like new. The fans I have now are on their third barn year. In a normal house I'm sure they would last forever. They are a little noisy, but the horses don't care 
My brand-new card failed the first time I tried to download pictures from it; I lost all of the pictures from my two-week trip to Guatemala 
I bought this for my 80-year-old mother, who is disabled and can't cope with a computer. Every time the typewriter is turned on, we find that it either types the wrong letter (press a Q, it prints an S; press E and get P, etc.) or else it prints the correct letter but they are not spaced correctly (some overlapping, some huge spaces). There is some esoteric combination of keystrokes that, supposedly, will reset the programming. But this is just too much for Mom. Also, every time it's turned on, you have to re-program the line spacing, the tabs and everything else. I ended up buying a 40-year-old manual typewriter on e-Bay and Mom is much happier with it 
I have the older, larger version of this product. However, it uses the same software. The labels are great and the spring device that is used to apply the labels is great, but the software is awful. There is no direct Macintosh program; rather there are templates. They were written for old versions of software and really don't work right. The Windows side includes an actual Print Shop-style program which works awfully. If you do get this, make your own template on AppleWorks or PowerPoint 
I bought one of these, it has a bad audio "crackling" noise on every mode except FM tuner (an obvious defect). Sounds like a capacitor going bad, not sure how it got through final test. Plus, the audio has noise when the display updates or the volume is changed. It also hangs on to stereo mode on weak signals with no blend or rolloff, you hear audio tones from the stereo decoder PLL losing lock from the station 19 KHz pilot tone. AM section is not bad, but the FM selectivity is not good enough to block alternate stations that most of my other radios deal with just fine. Volume steps are so small it takes forever to change, needs a flippin' crank on the knob. Don't buy this steaming turd.....buy a no-name China box, then you can throw it away when it claps out without feeling like you got scammed. 
The product is fine however when i ordered i added a gift card to the payment. The gift card was not used and the purchase was paid in full with my credit card. Is my gift card still valid 
I found that these DVD-Rs did not work well in my system, were unreliable and slow. I cannot recommend them 
I bought this product from KB Electronics. Because of this product, my digital camera stopped working. On giving a bad review to this product, KB Electronics offered me 10% discount on my next product. So, I told them that I would give a good review to them if they can repair my camera. At this they went silent. So, basically this means that they would try to make someone silent with a few dollars, but if they have to fix their problems, then they would forget all morals and turn dumb. I don't know about the current company, but beware of the same thing happening to you guys. It is possible that KB Electronics has started selling the same product by the name of its sister concern - businesses do this all the time 
Having been a buyer of Sennheiser products for over 10 years, I feel it is time I endorse a product I truly believe in, and have never been let down by. Including service and customer satisfaction. Each time buying a Sennheiser product, I found myself stepping up to the next level of their headphones, because they simply keep improving their technology to the point that what you used to own by them gets overwhelmed by the latest headphone they offer. When I bought the HD-600's, I had just come away from years owning the HD-25. When these encountered a technical problem, I replaced them with a backup choice, the HD-25SP's. The difference in sound going 'lower' down their scale of products was just too much to bear. So I bit the bullet and went higher. Whether you use Sennheiser's merely for pleasure, or for studio work, the accuracy of their sound, and what you get for your money cannot be beat. My HD-600's ran into a small technical glitch (and Sennheiser were extremely helpful in getting this fixed and replaced within 2 days of receipt), and I swear I nearly cried in their absence. HD-600's give you a clear idea of how things were recorded, how good your system is, and what truly sounds inferior. You never listen to things quite the same way again. The reason my reviews of Paul McCartney and John Lennon albums from the 70's all comment on how inferior the recording quality is (especially compared to the so called ''Economy Class Beatles'' George Harrison's and Ringo Starr's albums from the same decade), is down to what HD-600's reveal. My main source of media tends to be Vinyl, because Compact Discs and DVD's still cannot capture what analogue/turntable equipment captures. Vinyl is simply warmer and more 'round' in comparison to its digital counterparts. And when listening to badly recorded albums, HD-600's make you wonder if you spent more on your headphones than the artist did using a studio. HD-600's are the reason I mention time and time again you are not getting value for money when buying Lennon and McCartney solo albums. Listening to ''Take IT Away'' from 1982's Tug Of War reveals an annoying tape hiss coming from the left side of the stereofield. Which sounds much like someone forgot to 'silence' a track that had a recording on it, before the instrument actually showed up in the song. It sounds totally like electrical / amp noise coming from equipment, and Geoff Emerick or George Martin just simply forgot to keep this track silent until the instrument that occupied that track appeared in the song. It gets much worse than 'Take It Away' on Paul McCartney albums, and even more painfully so on John Lennon albums. But listening pleasure can be found recording wise on their solo albums BACK TO THE EGG, RAM, DOUBLE FANTASY, MILK AND HONEY, and some portions of BAND ON THE RUN, and WALLS AND BRIDGES. #9 Dream is simply a gorgeous recording, it's just too bad the rest of the album doesn't sound as good as that one song. When you listen to your CD's, vinyl, DVD's in whatever room of your house your speakers are, the room dictates what you hear, no matter what you've spent on speakers, power amps, woofers, sub-dividers, etc. Whether you have wall to wall carpeting, high ceilings, low ceilings, plaster or cement, wood floors, a more long than wide room, it all affects how sound reaches your ear. Which is why on a great set of headphones, you are more likely to hear HOW those sounds were meant to be heard, how they were recorded, and how much time was spent doing it. On speakers, McCartney's JET sounds quite full, though the snare is a little thin. But when hearing the album with HD-600's, the drums nearly become non-existent, and all the inconsistencies of the recording become so apparent, you wonder if the mix was sabotaged by someone. McCartney on drums is not a miracle, especially when you hear many of the mistakes being made by someone not as confident on that instrument as they are on Bass. Can I review anything without bringing up Lennon and McCartney? Quite possibly Dog Food. But so far, they come up pretty regularly. Makes you wonder if I'm trying to prove a point doesn't it. Albums that are phenomenally recorded get due justice with Sennhesier HD-600's. They truly do. Some noteworthy recordings from the 70's and 80's when recording technology (for popular music) was just beginning to reach new highs, that are all HD-600 friendly: Isao Tomita's The Firebird (1976) George Harrison's eponymous album (1979) Steely Dan's Gaucho (1980) Joe Walsh's The Smoker You Drink, The Player You Get (1973) 10CC's The Original Soundtrack (1975) Godley Creme's Consequences (1977) Supertramp's Crime of the Century (1974) XTC's Black Sea (1980) Peter Gabriel's 3rd album (1980) Kate Bush's The Dreaming (1982) Earth Wind and Fire's All 'n' All (1977) Level 42's The Pursuit of Accidents (1982) Billy Cobham's Spectrum (1972) Frank Zappa's One Size Fits All (1975) Ringo Starr's Goodnight Vienna (1974) and a truly incredible sounding album from the 90's, Prince and The New Power Generation's ''Symbol'' album from 1992. Albums NOT HD-600 friendly: Todd Rundgren's Hermit of Mink Hollow (1978) Blue Oyster Cult's Agents of Fortune (1976) Paul McCartney's Venus and Mars (1975 - and quite a few others) John Lennon's Imagine (1971 - and avoid 1970's Instant Karma like the plague, the piano track will hurt you . . ) Yes's Fragile (often the guitars and keyboards hit frequencies that cause a lot of crackling and clipping) and surprisingly enough, many remasters of albums once on vinyl or antiquated CD reveal the errors of fixing something that ain't broken. If you have to save up for a pair, or do some heavy searching for HD-600's that are affordable, do so. In over 10 years I have never been disappointed by anything Sennheiser distributed, especially when I kept up with their pace. 
This technically works well. I am finding learning to use it difficult. I really wish I had spent a little more and gotten a bigger one!!!!! It is a lot smaller than I thought it would be and would be alot easier if it was bigger 
I am a camcorder buff. Ever since my children were born, I have had the camcorder attached to my hand most days because I know that life is fleeting and memories are too precious to be lost. I had a huge collection of video tapes and was able to transfer the entire collection to DVD. Now I know that they will last at least through my life time.. Also, I find that using the Showbiz application, I can create customized DVDs for my friends and that has saved me a ton of money in gifts.. The only problem we had with this product was that we had limited hard disk memory and had to acquire some more. And I have probably created more than a 100 DVDs by now. Thanks HP! 
I had been talking about wanting an MP3 player, but I did NOT want an iPod, as I heard you cannot add files in Windows format and that's what all of my music is. I received this e260 4 GB MP3 player for my birthday in June 2006, and this is the first MP3 player I have ever owned. Although there are a few little quirks, overall I am not disappointed and would recommend this MP3 player. Like many rechargeable battery-powered items, it required a lengthy initial charge before first use. After that, the future charges don't seem to take as long. The MP3 player plays for hours on end without needing a new charge. Although I've never run it completely down, I have used it continuously for about 4 hours with no battery issues. I installed the software on my computer, and the disk is where you will find the owner's manual. I was a bit irritated that there was no hard copy of the owner's manual, and just a few weeks ago it came up as an issue when my MP3 player froze and I had to turn on the computer to look up the troubleshooting guide (turns out if the player freezes you need to hold the power button down for about 15 seconds to reset it). It came pre-loaded with 20 songs, only one of which I had ever heard of (and it was one of those no-name bands that played once on Saturday Night Live). Although my first instinct was to delete the songs to make room for my own choices, I decided to leave them on there until I need the space. About three of the songs have grown on me a little bit over the past 5 months. I currently have 517 songs on there and still have room for more. As far as performance goes, it performs pretty well. The buttons are a little difficult to get used to, as you navigate through the functions and the song lists by scrolling a wheel. Not too bad, but when you turn on the player and it begins at the beginning of the list and you want a song that's in the middle and you have a lot of songs on there, you will be scrolling a lot. I do not use all the functions that came with this MP3 player. It has music, fm radio, photo, voice, video and a settings option. I have used the music function and the voice recorder option, both with good results. The only downside to the voice recorder is that you can't get the recordings you made off the MP3 player and onto your computer. It would have been nice to be able to record things and sync them onto your computer. As for syncing music files, I have not had any problems, although I did have one instance where it shows a song was downloaded, but when you try to play it, it skips to the next song alphabetically in the list. I don't know what caused this. Also, you can only store a song as one genre, which is a little annoying. Be sure you have your genres picked before you sync because once the song is on the MP3 player, you cannot change the genre. It came with a headset, but I have never used it. Instead I purchased some Panasonic folding travel speakers to use with it. I do wish the MP3 player had some alternate form of charging other than needing to be connected to my computer's USB drive to charge. Another con is that a scratch of some sort appeared on the inside surface of the screen. I can't remember it being dropped or anything, so I don't know what caused this, but it's pretty noticeable. It doesn't seem to affect the operation, just the aesthetics. Overall, the cons are little irritations to me and I would recommend this player to someone who doesn't want an iPod 
This is my second FM transmitter and works much better than the Belkin that I ended up returning because it simply wasn't working. It plugs firmly into my cigarette lighter and stays there, unlike the Belkin (I drive a 2001 BMW 325ci). It is easy to use with the preset FM stations. It works right out of the box, you'll be ready to go within seconds. The sound is crisp, with some static interference, which can be expected in a big city. Unmounting my car's antenna helps a little but doesn't completely cure the interference. I have a factory BMW Business radio which picks up FM signals pretty much without an antenna. There is nothing to mount the iPod so you'll either have to set it in your cup holder or purchase a case separately. I wouldn't spend more than $45 on any FM transmitter as there will always be minor interference in urban areas. I won't be getting rid of my CD changer just yet 
This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better. (Canon Rebel XT 
These are the BEST. PERIOD! Look no further.. because you will not find a better value in rechargable batteries 
I bought this phone for use in my home office based on the rave reviews on this site for its speakerphone. Unfortunately, I have had nothing but repeated complaints that the voice is distorted or goes in and out, with the beginnings and ends of sentences frequently cut off. I am in the market for another phone after just 2 months 
I like the light that goes on when the phone rings but that is about all I like about this phone. Friends tell me I sound like I am under water and I have had to terminate many conversations due to static and interference. One friend insists that I have a microwave running as we speak. I am actively looking for a new set to buy because these are worthless 
I bought this Rikaline GPS 6010 a month ago. I tried to make it work for hundreds times, but it only worked once. Evertime when I turned on the GPS, it was always telling me it was initializing and then it just stopped working.I hate this thing because it embarrassed me before my friends. 
This may be one of the cheapest routers out there, but it's cheap in every way. I spent hours either on hold or talking with poorly trained overseas "tech support" whose expertise consisted of (barely) reading a script. Eventually these computer whizzes determined that my D-Link router didn't work. They told me to send it back (on my nickel, of course), and they sent me another one, which also did not work, at least not with my computer system. After more wasted hours, I was referred to the one guy at D-Link who--supposedly--has mastered this router's bugs. The problem? He never answered the phone. And despite all my calls to him and all my voicemails asking him either to call me at work or to set a time for us to talk, he repeatedly returned my calls at 3:00 in the afternoon, the time when most people who can afford routers are working. Finally I had an epiphany: Life was too short to %*@ with D-Link. I packed up the router and sent it back to the CEO, Stephen Joe, with a letter. Then I went out and bought a Netgear router, and I was up and running in minutes. Mr. Joe never responded to my letter, but what else do you expect from a company that so clearly doesn't value its customers 
We drink a lot of coffee all day, every day. So we decided to convert to a thermal carafe coffeemaker in order to keep our coffee hotter and fresher-tasting. We first bought the 10-cup Capresso MT-500 which we loved except for the carafe which leaked slightly. The coffee was perfect everytime and the taste great. Unfortunately the control panel burned out about a year and half after we bought it. So instead of another expensive Capresso replacement, we decided to try a Japanese model which we thought might be more reliable. We have been using the Zojirushi for 2 weeks now and it works perfectly. No leaks and it just feels more mechanically reliable than the Capresso. Unfortunately, there is no water filter system in this model compared to others (we had taken this for granted and not checked for it). And no reuseable metal mesh filter (that I could find on the market) instead of paper filters. The water also does not seem as hot when it goes into the coffee grounds. We are not sure why our coffee just doesn't taste very good anymore, but we definitely have noted a real sharp drop in taste quality. Today, we pulled out our very old Krups ProAroma model and have noted a definite taste improvement. We will use this and the Zojirushi thermal carafe until we get a new Capresso coffeemaker replacement. Don't waste your money on this Zojirushi model unless you don't care about taste. It was money thrown out the window as far as we are concerned. Even mediocre coffee beans are too expensive to use with this machine 
This product was perfect. it's a sturdy case that holds my large collection of cd's and dvd's. My other cases were flimsy and wore out fast. This one has a hard outside shell and the inside holds my dvd's nicely. So i have no complaints. and at the price i paid i'd say this was a great deal 
The reader is fast. Example: I took 56-2MP images from my camera recently. I plugged this reader into my G4, plugged in the card, the card mounted, I dragged the images to my Pictures folder, and they copied immediately. No waiting. I was amazed, because with my [MIA] USB reader, it could take a while to transfer that many images, over a minute. A copy dialog didn't even pop up, because it transferred so fast. It doesn't hurt that it's a cutie too. 5 stars 
This was easy to set-up and use. It receives the signal from the router in all the rooms in my house 
There are so many times where the actual ink, can be the difference between a good copy, and a not-so-good copy on paper. With HP black ink cartridge #21, it is very convient, and easy to setup into your HP deskjet 3930 series printer. This cartridge is very inexpensive, and affordable for HP printers. I think of it as a must for your HP printers. While there are cartridges that are difficult to open, and install into your printers, this one installs in a snap. I really recommend this for my new HP printer, and so will you if you own a HP printer for this ink as well. Price: B Convience: B+ Overall: B 1/2+ 
This isn't my first mp3 player. I have a couple of the years and since my last one died I was looking for a quick, cheap replacement. I also needed a flash drive for work. Don't underestimate this, if you use the net at a library or cafe then you'll realize that 1. not all players/drives are recognized as drives and/or 2. you've got to carry an extra cord with you to plug into the usb port, which gets annoying quickly. when you clean out your purse and discover you don't have it with you. With this you get both in one. It has a built in usb port which is recognized fine in most operating systems, even win98. The sound quality is good, I can't tell the difference between this and my $100.00 player. The controls do take a few seconds to get used to, but once I did I find I preferred them. They are easy to use one-handed. An unexpected bonus is that its great for audiobooks! If you turn off the player, it starts back up exactly where you left it, be it in the middle of a song or in the middle of a chapter! Its small without being too tiny, its design is simple enough that there is nothing to fall off or get lost and technophobes won't have a heart-attack. Its doesn't hold a lot of music at only 128mb or have a shuffle feature, but if you need to carry more than an album or 2, or need extra features then you'll want more than this player anyway. The best feature is the price. I found this one at my local ToysRUs for $15.00. It also plays both mp3's and wma. It won't play AAC but if most of your music is this format you'll better off with an ipod. This would make a good first player for a kid or for someone who needs a usb drive and music without all the bells and whistles. I'm giving it 5 stars because it does exactly what I need it to do without any hassle 
Just some specs missing from amazon's description: USB 2.0 CompactFlash Reader Small and travels with ease LED status indicator indicates when files are being transferred Data transfer speeds up to 480Mb/s Backward compatible with USB 1.1 Ships with removable USB 2.0 cable Features Designed for large data transfers, like images, music and video Data transfer 5 to 6 times faster than using USB 1.1 Portable - weighs only 1.5 ounces Protective cover case keeps reader pins away from external hazards Compatible with Windows 2000/ME/XP and Mac OS X and 9.1 No drivers required with most current operating systems 2-year Limited Warranty 
Summary........good idea, very poor implementation. Good software and easy to use, major problem is reception of radio stations. I live in a major metropolitan area and have to practically stand on my head to get the radio shark to get clear reception (even with a plug in antennae) 
I have to say, when I first purchased this little goodie, I just assumed I was buying more memory for my Motorola Q. I had no idea just how useful and reliable this would be. It has proven to be not only invaluable, but a very good investment, based on price and usage. Buy one, no TWO. These things are great 
I ordered this mount for a Sharp 20 inch LCD and it's not that great. It was very easy to install, however, the arm when fully outstretched does not sit level. Thus when the TV is pulled away from the wall, the set is not level and very annoying to look at. I don't believe this is a fault in the actual part, but the design of the arm. This was relatively inexpensive for a wall mount - and you get what you pay for 
I bought this to illuminate the keyboard on my 12" Apple Powerbook when I work in the dark. It works well, and shines impressively bright and wide. I even use it to read by simply sitting it on its back on my lap as I read in bed and pointing the lamp at my book. It's too bad the lamp's arm isn't telescopic or it'd make for a perfectly good clip-on booklight right out of the box. This device is well built, folds into a form that protects it from damage, even when thrown in a laptop case full of stuff that might crush something built less solidly. And it has a nice retracting USB cable. The retraction device for the cable, like most I've seen on devices like this, can be a bit finnicky but with the right pulling technique works correctly about 90% of the time. Update, May, 2005. The light died. No idea why. So, maybe it's not as good as I thought. : 
DOES NOT WORK AT ALL DONT THROW AWAY YOUR MONEY SHOULD READ 0 STAR 
It doesn't work properly. I can charge the Ipod but it doesn't let me sync. Sent an email to the seller but no answer so far! I am very disappointed with my purchase 
This is the second Brother HL-2070N printer i"ve owned. The first died during a storm and I forgot about electrical surges. The only negative on this printer is a slight curling of the pages. It is fast and reliable. The prints are crystal clear. I would recommend this product to everyone 
I purchased this product and ran home to try it out. not 5 minutes after plugging it in to my computer, my computer freezes. I restart and it says my device is malfunctioning. I manage to get it working for about 5 minutes before it craps out on me again. I try upgrading the drivers and it refuses to connect to my network. I'm a network engineer and I am well versed in what I am doing, but this card has given me nothing but trouble. I had to disable the software that came with it and use the windows wireless software to connect. This only keeps me alive for about 30 minutes before freezing. I talked to netgear support and they tell me that my processor isn't supported, which is total BS and just an attempt to get out of supporting me, they wouldn't even let me return the product. My advice: go with linksys or d-link or SMC, ANYONE but netgear 
I am very pleased with my purchase of the Envision EN-7100 monitor. It arrived in perfect condition, no dead pixels. I resisted spending the money on a new monitor for a long time, but now I'm glad I made the switch to LCD. The color and clarity is wonderful. Most of all, I love having all this extra space on my desk. For the money, this is a great monitor 
HP didn't make 13x19 paper when I bought my 13x19 HP printer. Way to go, HP. They may make it now, but I never check, b/c I'm totally satisifed w.this paper. Runs smooth and looks great 
Plays fine on the first layer. But picture will freeze during layer switch. I either have to stop or skip pass the chapter but picture will be jumping and pixellated, pretty much unwatchable. you have to skip at least couple chapter away from the layer switch to get a decent picture on your screen. don't waste your money. Buy verbatim instead. I never had any problem with that media. 
I got this mouse because I have developed carpel tunnel pain in my shoulder from years and years of mouse activity. I'm happy to say it is nearly gone (the pain) - I ordered one for my office and will now get one for home. It does take a bit of getting used to (after years of movable mouse action) - but it can be done. Good luck 
i've given it 2 stars instead of 0 because after i used this CD, the sound from my system did seem to be a little better (the CD's were not skipping as much). but the bottom line is it didn't fix the problem as the CDs are still skipping noticeably, although not as bad as before. ... not sure if this has anything to do with the fact that my set has a 6-disk CD changer 
Bought these pretty cheap, from woot.com. The good: - Great sound quality, all digital transmission so no hissing. - Look good - Decent battery life The bad: - needs drivers (most USB headsets - granted, not wireless - don't) - Doesn't work on the Mac - If you are not playing music, they beep every 15 seconds or so. Then after a couple of minutes they turn themselves off. This drove me crazy and was not configurable. - Takes you ~15 seconds every time you turn them on and try to pair them. - Not terribly comfortable. After about a month of normal use, the headset cracked in the middle and stopped working. Bad quality o material. The Logitech people said they will refund whatever I paid for after I send them a copy of the receipt and the broken product. Too bad I get to pay for shipping and I'm not even sure they'll refund the ORIGINAL shipping. Lesson learned 
Hands down Epson Paper is the best photo paper on the market. At this price its a no brainer.A++++++++++ 
I wondered what kind of mouse I would get for $60. I kept thinking, what could be so special about it. Well, I don't know where to begin. I like it so much, I'm getting ready to purchase another one just to use at work. I used a Microsoft Explorer mouse prior and thought I'd never find a mouse that was as comforable to use and had all the extra buttons I needed. This mouse completely puts the Explorer to shame. It took me a few minutes to get used to how quickly it responds but I soon caught on. I really didn't care for the glowing or the chameleon paint on it. That's not why I got it, although it does look pretty cool. As for gaming, I really didn't notice much improvment in my skill but it REALLY does feel better in your hand. The bottom of the mouse it curved in so you can grip it much easier. My only negative comment towards it is how cheesy the driver and gui is for it as it looks "homemade". I would highly recommend this mouse for anyone who spends any time at all on a PC 
These labels were advertised with the Seiko Label Printer. They did not work with the printer because the printer requires thermal labels. I sent these labels back to Amazon and they promptly refunded my money 
I had this card for more than 6 months, and It worked super in my Canon Powershot A510. Transfers went well too. Then all of a sudden for no reason I kept getting "card error" on my computer and digital camera a week ago. My SD/USB converter couldn't find the card either. I had really good photos I wanted to transfer to my computer and now they are probably lost for good. What a joke 
I've had it for one week only and I'm using 3rd pair of Duracell batteries right now! I was using it for 3-4 hours per day (I have another mouse at work). Stayed switched off for the rest of the day in order to save batteries. Nice mouse when it works.. Mine is piece of junk, maybe the latest batch they've got was not up to standard. So I totally agree with Mr. Loftin.. And it's silver one in my case, not a black one I've ordered.. 
If you do, go ahead and take a chance. I did and got burned. Tv didn't work right out of the box. Will return soon. 
How do I assign a rating? As several other people have experienced, my unit is also DOA. I received it, plugged it in, pressed 'clean', and the motor started up. I popped open the cover, put in the disc I wanted cleaned, and pressed 'clean' again. Nothing. Terrible quality control. What's worse is the unit case is glued together -- no way to open it up to try to fix the electronics inside without mutilating it and voiding warranty 
This is my first time ever buying a really expensive MP3 player. I bought it three weeks ago. If I hadn't seen the Creative Zen Vision:M, I probably would have bought the Sandisk Sansa E260. I love being able to bring my cartoon/tv shows over to a friends house so we can watch them on the tv. There is one problem I've had with it. I'm not sure if anyone else has had this, but there is some slight static noise that happens once in a while when I'm listening to music. I don't think it's the MP3s, because I've never ran into the problem with my other MP3 players. If only they would've added the video cable for the TV and kept the charger, then I would've rated it a 5 
...So I was satisfied with the noise-cancelling qualities. The cloth cable is very nice and doesn't tangle as much as the usual plastic ones. I liked not having to spend so much time untangling thes in the morning. The headphones I purchased come with 3 sizes of rubber cap earbud covers and I found only one to be suitable for my ears. Of course, after less than a month one of those earbuds fell off and now I can't use these earphones until I find a replacement somewhere, which is proving to be troublesome. Super. I didn't buy these on clearance at Target so that hurts my pocketbooks and I am very ANNOYED right now. In the meantime, I've returned to some $10 non-earbud headphones and I really miss the noise-cancelling quality of these Philips earbuds. Life sucks and I want to die because now I can hear everything going on around me during the morning commute on public transportation. 
This is a product too unique for me not too try. I've struggling with lost receipts and always in a panic mode when tax day comes. There's just no other easy way I've found to keep track of all my receipts. Even with some of the negativity about the accuracy on the receipt recognition, I still wanted to try this out for myself. I noticed the following will increase the accuracy of the receipt scanning: 1) Scan your receipt ASAP once you have it. Receipts are pretty cheap in quality and will fade over time. Also for that matter, you risk the chance of loosing the receipt the longer you don't scan it in. =) 2) Ink quality on the receipt matters. It does the best job when the dots of the letters/number are together and dark. 3)wording on the receipt. e.g. the receipt can say visa/mc then scanner will pick it as visa. Business card scans have been excellent for me. Be sure to upgrade your sw to the lastest version. Mine is 2.55 at the time of writing 
These cables are super with my new DVD player. There is absolutely no interference from my other home theater equipment. The picture is soo clear, and vivid. The cables themselves are really made well, they could hold up 100 pounds of weight no doubt. If you get these Monster cables you won't be sorry 
I bought this player a little over a year ago, mainly for the ability to upgrade the firmware to region-free. Played everything I put in it until a few days ago, when it started having intermittent problems- graphics were staticy and blocky, sound would just buzz and it wouldn't eject discs until I shut it down and restarted it. That lasted for two days before the problem became permanent. Now it's a doorstop. The Apex web site appears to be down right now, but based on the other reviews here I doubt there's much point in contacting them 
Don't listen to any of us.You already have an internet connection because you are here. Go to a browser and ask the question you asked here. You will find that any review that is NOT a store will tell you that ALL speaker wire is the same. They just look cool. If that's what you need, then buy it. Otherwise, stay away from monster. It's just like bose speakers. BUZZ word, that's all. These companies can't make any money selling you a 10 dollar cable. 
I'm using this AP, along with a Netgear 802.11g PC Card to test streaming live/recorded TV to other parts of my house. Seems like a capable product even if I didn't use the 108Mbps feature. However, be sure to update the firmware or the AP might not work correctly. When I first received it, configuration was easy enough but it had trouble working with my Netgear and HP Centrino notebook. Both notebooks will get a signal and even connect be failed to obtain an IP address from my network's DNS server. A firmware upgrade solved the problem and the AP now streams TV realibly from my living room to the kitchen. I noticed that there is are hordes of wireless APs around my house, I guess most neighbours are using some form of 802.11 wireless as well. However, this D-Link AP is able to function correctly abeit all the other APs around (2 using the same channel as mine I've found). Overall, recommended if you want a good AP. Just be sure to update the firmware 
Well, I have used 3-4 cassette adapters, till i heard this one, only words that i can say is you have to hear it to identify the difference. i have been using it with my cd player and also with IPOD, with others i had to make sure that the volume on ipod was 100% but with this one hey 85% is too much. Well i showed it to 1 of my friend and he also loved it, and took mine and told me to get another. Don't hesitate to buy this one 
If you're looking for isolation from ambient noise, these are great. I use them as In Ear Monitors for my onstage use (rock band), and if I use the foam inserts, I can stand right in front of the horn section and not get my head knocked off. I've read some people complain that the bass response is not quite what they expected, but frankly it doesn't bother me a bit. The only thing that's awkward is removing them when they're fully inserted for a while. They're rather small, and getting hold of them can be a bit tricky. I'm using small bits of tape for "pull tabs", and it seems to work pretty well. Overall, I'm impressed with this product since it's affordable and does exactly what it's advertised to do 
Although the rear speakers need a power plug, this system solved my problem of being unable to run a signal wire to the back speakers from the front. The sound is OK, not awesome, but not bad. Better than the TV speakers by a long shot. They can also be nicely controlled with my Harmony remote 
It doesn't have spectacular bass power, but I am happy for the product I got at such a feasible pric 
I agree with the viewer preceding me. Very tinny. The ones I was using from my old computer sound 100% better. These are a complete waste. Two stars because I do hear the music but it sounds awful 
2gb of flash memory will not be destroyed at high altitude or dropped short of shattering the memory stick. A 30gb hard drive as in the iPod 30g (that my son has) is subject to air pressure, shock and temperature domain that a flash memory device will not be subject to. Because the hard drive spins to lift the heads above the disk, moisture from condensation will cause the head to crash if, brought in from a cold car and turned on. I do not know about the iPod but some larger devices have dew point detector that will not spin up unless the air in the device is at safe temp. THAT's WHY.. 
Like most have pointed out, it's a digital signal and there's no need for all the gas-injected, gold plated, shielded stuff monster cables hype. For analog signals this stuff absolutely makes a difference because analog cables are highly affected by outside EM interference. Some people have pointed out that monster cables are more durable. So yes, if you plan on swinging around on your cables it might matter. If, like most people, you plug the stuff in behind your equipment then leave it be for months and months, don't waste your money 
I decided to replace my iRiver 190T after a 3rd party cable adapter malfunctioned and fused the pin connection to the USB cable together. I wanted USB 2.0 for the faster connection and a larger capacity, but still desired standard user replaceable batteries on a flash based player so I picked this up on sale. I may still search for a used iRiver 190T after playing with the Lyra RD2315. I like the ruggedness of the 190T a bit more than the RCA Lyra RD2315. Pros: User replaceable AAA batteries Expandable SD slot up to 512 MB Decent sound for biking and general yard work Screen is able to be positioned at 0 or 180 degrees for easy reading from belt clip/lanyard Line in recording and voice for short memos 3 different color backlights for user preference Decent battery life Cons: Headphones are worthless. Placing them in ear prevents clips from holding them in place Slow reaction on interface compared to older iRiver player "Please Wait..." Belt clip is going to break after minimal usage (like ink pen cap clips do) Doesn't seem like USB 2.0 speed, just normal USB 1.1 No armband or case available I used firmware 3.11 for my testing after upgrading from version 1.11 
I have purchased 10 of these drives, all at once. What a mistake. They are very flakey and will 'disappear' while copying data to them by usb. You have to turn the drive off and back on for windows to find it again. I do not have this problem with any other usb drive only Lacie drives. You cannot use one as a backup for this very reason, copying large amounts of data will fail and you have to start over or copy in chunks. One drive failed after 8 months, only at the 10 month mark did I realize it was still under warranty. It had a 1 year warranty so 2 months left, I contacted lacie and after asking for a copy of the original invoice which clearly listed the purchase date they began ignoring my email and would not honor their warranty, no RMA after requesting one 5 times, no more email responses since they could not come up with a reason to refuse service. Do not buy one of these, there are many drives with longer warranties that are more reliable from better companies. 
As far as I can tell this thing doesn't work at all. I have now tried it on 3 cds and it did not repair any of them. I should have just replaced the cds 
I love this mouse! It's compact and picks up the signal on just about EVERY surface. I gave it 2 stars because I figured out that it was preventing my laptop from going into idle mode (Windows XP, SP2). Sadly, I'm going to have to get another mouse because of that 
Just purchased 3 units , thought they would work as well as the Novi units they were replacing however they have absolutely no range . My original Novi 2 channel units worked well from a distance of approx 110 ft from house to barn , these only work in the same room... I am attempting to return these currently. 
I purchased this dashmount so I could swap the GPS between vehicles without having to install a permanent mount. I don't know what the "feet" of the base is made of, but it is basically like a rubber version of a lead blanket - it is heavy yet is very pliable. This is useful since my dash (a 2004 F-250) has an uneven surface. I can press and mold the feet to put the base in a certain position and under most circumstances it'll stay there. Occasionally, on long or "bouncy" trips, it'll creep out of position a couple inches and I'll have to move it back. I've seen some comments complaining of that - but I don't see it as a problem since common sense says it won't stay perfectly still since it isn't bolted in place. Overall this mount has worked very well. My wife is going on a business trip next week and will be borrowing the GPS - I don't recommend she take the mount though - since the thing must way at least a couple pounds - too bulky and heavy to put in a suit case in my opinion 
I bought this printer about 4 months ago. The prints are beautiful, and the speed quite good as well. However, I felt compelled to write a review tonight because of the constant error messages that pop up saying that there are too many ink cartridges of "X" color installed. It happens now between every print job, forcing me to open the printer, pull out and re-install one to three of the tanks, and then print my document. There is something wrong with this thing, and I don't appear to be the first experiencing it. Figures... I wait eight years to replace my printer, and end up with one that malfunctions! I will attempt to return this item 
I downloaded the driver from Trendnet's website before installing the adapter. I did not encounter any problems at all, including the issue that some users had with it disconnecting when they plugged in another USB device 
I bought these after reading over a hundred reviews for them, and I agree with the consensus that they deliver a flat, uncolored sound with tight, but not boomy, or overpowering bass. By the way, I've owned the Sony MDR-V600's for a couple of years now thinking they had replaced these, but they are actually more of a consumer model that seem to be comparable in terms of price and specifications, but are actually quite inferior to these in my opinion. These have been used by Musicians, studio engineers, and on air talent for 20 years now 
I listen to a wide range of music, from hard rock, techno/electronic, to classical, and I've found it difficult to locate reasonably priced speakers that can handle all of this -- at least until I ordered this set. I was apprehensive about buying online (and also about the Sony brand for speakers), but I'm very happy with this purchase. I've been very impressed with the sound both at the high and low ends - the highs are crisp and the bass is tight, not boomy. The soundstage is expansive (of course, this depends a lot on your receiver as well) and imaging good. I'd definitely recommend this speaker set 
This review is more about my several month's experience with XM satellite radio and the not-so-good quality using the wireless FM frequencies through our car's radios. I live in Los Angeles. I got this little Roady XT for me, and the XM2GO radio receiver for my wife. I was excited about getting these new satellite receivers in our cars. The Idea of having all these "no ads" radio stations playing through my car's FM frequency seemed cool. Setting up the unit and getting it to work was easy. Changing FM frequencies for the wireless transmitter is easy as well. It really is a neat little receiver. However, after setting up this unit in my car and the XM2GO in my wife's car, I was really disappointed in the music sound quality. The music sounds flat and with a hissy quality, almost monaural at times, and the volume seems a lot lower than the car's radio at the same volume setting. I had to turn the volume dial up quite a bit when playing satellite radio. The car's regular radio sounds much better than satellite radio if using wireless reception with any of the radio receivers, IMO. Besides, there are plenty of annoying ads and interruptions on XM radio as someone mentioned in another review. I thought about having the units professionally installed so that my wife and I wouldn't have to use the poor sounding wireless FM technology, but realized that both family cars have very expensive navigation systems and I didn't want the vehicle's factory warranty voided if some installer got inside our car's dash and accidentally messed something up. So about two month's ago, after several months of off-and-on use of XM radio service, I called to cancel my subscriptions. I had paid for a six month subscription for both receivers when I joined. As I expected would happen, when I called them to cancel, I was on the phone for allloooooonnnng time waiting for a customer service rep. Finally, I got to tell the rep all my relevant account information so I could cancel the service only to be put on hold and transferred to their "special" customer service department for cancellations where I was "accidentally" disconnected and had to call back and start all over again. Finally, after another long call to them, I was able to cancel my service.....or, so I thought. Yesterday, I was looking at my September credit card bill and saw that XM radio had charged my credit card for the next six months despite the fact that they assured me that my two accounts would be closed. I called my bank and had them reverse the charges and I may have the bank issue me a new credit card with different numbers in case XM tries to charge me again six months from now. 
I've never had a product [...] out after one week of use. The screen froze up and no matter what troubleshooting tip I tried from the creative website, nothing worked. Now I'm waiting to hear back from email support because they don't have 24 hour phone support. Not impressed. Would have gotten an iPod, but this thing was given as a gift 
I bought this unit over a year ago and still haven't figured out how to work it. I have used the D-link wireless router with no trouble, but no matter what I do, I can't get the print server to work properly. This is after hours with their customer service people and doing everytihing possible. Based on other people's reviews this unit actually does work. It just hasn't for me. 
Good printer ink, always try to use factory ink and these are with a good price. I bought all the colors and paper at the same time all good price and free shipping. Save gas driving to local stores 
I purchased this radio to keep on my kitchen counter. I chose Boston Acoustics over Tivoli because you can't preset the stations in the Tivoli and I like to flip through commercials. Other reviewers wrote that the bass can be overpowering. I listen to rock music and do not notice the bass. My complaint is that this radio advertises itself as picking up weak stations very clearly. It does not pick up stations much better then the other radios in my house. Also if you are listening to the radio you can't see the time display. This radio is great if you have limited space. It looks good and sounds like a much larger radio. It has a lot of power for a small radio. 
I'll try to keep this short and sweet. If you have been frustrated trying to get AM reception on the go, then you've found the right radio for you. I can't tell you how many pieces of junk I've bought that barely pulled-in even relatively close AM stations unless I constantly twisted the radio to the perfect angle needed to get reception. Luckily (?) those other radios also died pretty quickly. This Sangean product solves the AM reception problem and seems very durable. I also own their CCRadio and this pocket product lives up to its reputation. I love the fact that it also gives you the option to broadcast through the built-in speaker, just like transistor radios of the 50's and 60's--a seemingly forgotten feature. As for listening through the supplied earphones, forget it. Sangean should be ashamed to ship this product with the utter junk earphones that are supplied. Never have I heard tinnier sound, even for AM listening. Not not mention that the cord is annoyingly short. I immediatey invested another $35 in decent pair of Koss earbuds and stored the supplied earphones in the neareast trash bin. Now I happily and easily listen to AM and FM stations even over the roar of the lawnmower. There might be alternatives for those of you who plan on listening to FM exclusivey, but if you spend even a little time on the AM dial, I really don't think you have a choice but to pick up this radio 
If you're not that picky about sound quality with music, then these may work for you. I think the frequency response range with these earbuds are pretty minimal. To me, the music is all mids. It's missing significant highs and lows for this price range. I gave these away to a friend who's not that picky at all, but she could tell a difference in sound quality right away. She normally uses the IPod earbuds which are uncomfortable to her. However, the noise canceling out weighs the sound quality so she prefers to use these earbuds over her Ipod buds riding a crowded train or bus. Hopefully I can find something affordable that has good frequency response. Or maybe I need to educate myself. Is it the frequency response, the impedence, or something else that covers the sound spectrum? I'm just looking for a good balance of lows, mids, and highs 
HP Premium Plus photo paper is the only way to go if you desire tremendous photos from your home printer without any scratching, scuffing or blemishes. I have tried less expensive paper from HP as well as other manufacturers. The difference in quality is obvious. If you want friends and family to think you know what you are doing, share photo's on HP Premium Plus glossy paper. Jay Shahee 
Using this product to communicate between motorcycles as promoted by the very fact that there are motorcycle headsets for your helmut available for these radios is clearly unsafe. The distractions created by the radios having no range after about 100 feet can prove fatal for a motorcycle ryder due to a momentary lapse in concentration, just as it would be between a bike and a car. I purchased these radios as the better of the Midland lot - with an 18 mile range. An outright lie. I bought them to communicate between two motorcycles- either myself and my brother (after also purchasing 2 of the motorcycle helmut headstets), or between me on the bike and my girlfriend driving my jeep following me on a long distance ride. We don't even get 100 feet out of them when the radios begin to breakup and are usless. The range increases as long as you are not moving. I haven't tested them while one user is moving on the road or on the highway and one user sitting stationary. I intend to contact Midland about a full refund, but if they don't work when you are moving then what good are they?. How could they fabricate these claims of 18 miles? Even if they couldn't do 18 miles, how about a half mile? How about 1/4 mile or 1/8 mile? Not even that. This is a discrace. I'm just another customer handed a bogus deal. Do not buy any GMRS stuff from Midland 
Since I've seen musicians use JBL speakers for their concerts, that gave me a trust in their product. With that, I became an owner to a desktop JBL pc cpeaker. This product has been satisfactory and by far I have no complaints from it 
This product is not very good. There is no display on the TV, just a black screen. The remote, which is just a pause button anyways with no menu functions, does not make a difference because you are unable to see your small Ipod screen from far away. The overall video quality is quite low, even with an s-video cable 
I'm using them a lot.Never failed - keeping up to 16x speed 
Soundwise the Klipsch Promedia Ultra 5.1s were everything that they were supposed to be. The bass is very powerful and can even be overpowering if not adjusted. The sound is crystal clear and with a decent sound card all of the settings can be tweaked until perfection. Setup was a breeze and no instructions are needed although they are provided just in case. Something to note is the speaker wire that comes with the speakers is a little on the small size and thicker wires should be be purchased if you are picky about your sound. The wires themselves are long enough and there shouldn't be any trouble reaching anywhere assuming you are putting these in a normal sized room. One last thing to know is that there is no optical input for these speakers and only 1/8" plugs for hooking up the sound source. If you want optical you're going to have to go elsewhere. Please note that buying these speakers will not make up for having a mediocre sound card or poor music quality. If you are using most types of on board sound or an ancient soundblaster card it is time to upgrade or else you are just throwing away your money. Same goes for music quality, if you are listening to an mp3 that is below 128kbps the poor sound quality is because of the shoddy encoding, not the speakers. If you can't spare the hard drive space for 192kbps its time to get a new hard drive. Overall these speakers are a great deal. While the price tag does seem a bit steep it is well worth the money for anyone that is serious about their music or movies. For those of you who like to game these speakers will treat you good, however in my past experience a good set of headphones is better than a full blown sound system. Lastly for those of you who like to play your music and bass full blast, don't bother spending the money. These speakers should only be purchased by people who actually care about sound quality. If you are more worried about loudness, do yourself a favor and buy some cheaper speakers, you won't even notice the difference 
I just purchased this mouse. It has a good feel. It does not scroll as smoothly as I would like. Contrary to what Microsoft says, the buttons are not programmable -- you have to select from a predefined list. I chose to use the small silver buttons on the side as "copy" and "paste". Neither one works.Another irritation, I am already getting a popup that says the "signal" is weak -- about 18" away, yet the menu says it is fine I got a great buy on it at OfficeDepot (half price), otherwise I would return it 
The mouse worked well with my chipset, but beaware that earlier bluetooth chipsets do not have the power to work with this mouse, although the dongle that is bundled with this is excellent. The mouse was very difficult to use and unresponsive at times, requiring multiple clicks to choose items. It was sluggish across the screen and very insensitive, even after maxing out all the mouse settings in either direction. Looking through the forums at Anycom informed me that many people had a similar problem and RMA's were being issued. Considering that these problems arose earlier last year, I was upset that I was sold a defective product. I just send my mouse back to Newport, California for a replacement. The features are solid, the size is acceptable but prone to cramping at first. For a travel mouse it is exceptional, being rechargeable via USB. Usuage with the USB cable attatched is OK but somewhat awkward as the cable comes from the "head" of the mouse, not the "tail." Would I buy again? only if I didn't find another product that was rechargeable, bluetooth and optical. 
callers can barely hear me, even with the mic right in my mouth (volume adjustment on cord doesnt affect it). and even worse, callers hear an echo of themselves, the mic picks up the caller in the earpiece enough to resend it! (echo!). Must be because its all on the same arm or something crappy. This makes it basically unusable, so waste of money, throw away, going to buy a better one 
The Koss Pro4AAT headphones are quality headphones, but sounds weak when driven through a regular headphone jack from your receiver or tv. To get the great sounds that everyone else seems to rave about, you really need to run these headphones through a headphone amp. Also, the ear pads are of a vinyl-like material which doesn't breathe well, making it uncomfortable to wear for extended periods. I've read that leatherette pads are available, but so far haven't been able to find them. The warranty alone is great, but I wouldn't recommend these headphones unless you have a headphone amp 
The Sennheiser HD600s have only one thing wrong with them: they'll change you from someone who enjoys good audio... into an audiophile! I've been known as a videophile for many years over on one of the top AV forums, but I've always been satisfied with merely "decent" audio. Until now. I'd previously ripped all my CDs into the (previously quite impressive) Windows Media format at 192K bps, but that's now useless. With the phenomenal ability of the Sennheiser HD600s to reveal all the subtle nuances of your music, listening to compressed discs is like listening to your music through a thick layer of vaseline. Here we go again... it's time to rip everything into lossless format. I cannot recommend these headphones more highly - they are simply extraordinary. When your tastes become accustomed to this level of quality, though, life's going to get a lot more expensive, as you try to update everything to match your new level of sonic differentiation. Still, this is a bloody miracle. My ears have finally been opened. Wow 
Although I could go on and on about how Skype has changed my life forever, I will try to address the issue at hand, and that is the Polycom Communicator. Basically I love the concept of the Polycom Communicator! When I first started using Skype I used a USB headset that works great. The problem is that it is a serious PITA to put the thing on when someone calls because I have to either a. Try to untangle the cord before accepting the skype connection, or b. answer the skype connection then try to untangle the cord. If I chose option a. envariably I would miss half the calls, if I chose option b. everyone would always comment that I sounded so desheveled when I tried to answer the call. Well, now with the new Polycom communicator all I have to do is answer the call. As far as the quality and performance of the Polycom communicator...that is the only reason I didn't give the item 4 stars. It seems ocasionally that when you are in large conference calls that the Polycom communicator will cause feedback to other peoples lines. It is really sporadic though, and I can't seem to reproduce it consistently. Also, the driver for the Polycom Communicator has crashed on me a couple of times. So despite the downfalls that I mentioned above, there is no way I could give up my Polycom Communicator now. I simply love it, I just wish those other issues never happened 
I bought two pairs of these when I saw them in a store on sale for under $15 each. They've both gotten extensive use over the past couple years. The cushioning on the outside is cloth inside a black material that I suppose imitates leather in looks and feel. This outer material on the cushions has worn off in flakes on both pairs, which makes it look raggedy, but the comfort and sound quality isn't affected by it so I don't consider it a big deal. The headband adjust on one side of one pair seems to have had something break inside it which lets that earmuff go farther down than it "should," but likewise, it's something to be expected with this much use and hasn't affected comfort. The cable is also thicker than most headphone cables I'm used to, which is good news for people who find themselves constantly rolling over cables with their chairs and such. I've compared the sound quality to the Koss QZ-50's (which I own) and a library's Koss UR-10's or 15's (can't remember which). Though the QZ-50's do sound better when they have their active noise cancelling feature turned on, the UR-20's are the most comfortable of the three, have the richest bass, are the most durable, and won't eat up your AAA batteries like the QZ-50's 
Got my order quickly and found out that these cases are much BETTER than the ones sold here locally, and they were CHEAPER !! 
This stand works great for bringing the monitor up to eye level. If you want to sit comfortably...get rid of back and neck strain...this Targus Stand is definately the way to go. And...the price is right 
Using this Kingston chip on my Pearl 8100 phone and it has worked flawlessly. And eSmartBuy delivered it within about 3 days of my order. Can't beat that 
After buying my ipod, i felt my stereo system wasnt geting anyuse. So I felt that instead of buying the Bose Soundock, which is about $300, your better off only spending about $25 and getting just as good quality 
The GE Superadio III used to be a great radio. I bought my first one seven years ago and it worked so well that I bought another. I have recently purchased two more as gifts and they are not the same radio. Side-by-side they look the same (except for the numbers on the tuning dial). Inside they have dissimilar circuit boards. The real difference is the two new radios are unable to tune stations nearly as well as the older radios. I would recommend not purchasing this radio 
I saw the other reviews and was hoping I would have the same experience as the happy reviewers. Well, I got the cam and it was easy to install like they say. It just takes a little tinkering, with the PC options before you use it. With the mic and software it comes with, you get a lot for your money! If I bought a cam in the store, I would have been mad to lose out on this PC camera. It is SWEET 
I had high hopes for this headset. I found that I could not hear anything when I attached it to my Treo 650. The Treo uses a standard plug. I verified that my Treo is working by attaching a stereo headset 
I don't think I would have used my i5 without this. I just wish it came with the GPS instead of having to buy it separately. Great to easily move my GPS from car to car. Highly recommend 
Cowon aka iAudio have the worst customer service of any other major company I dealt with. No phone support, they have an 800 number but when you call it they direct you to their website. Their website support gives you the option to submit a ticket or Live Chat. I waited over an hour on their Live Chat before I get a message saying that Live Chat is not available at this time. I submitted a ticket guess how long before I heard a response. the response was "ship the item back for a refund". I also tried to download the latest firmware and the link was broken. I heard a lot about how bad their customer service was, but when I tried it myself it was even worse 
I you own a SmartPhone, you'll need one of these. Also happy this came with an adapter card, to plug in the MicroSD into it to move data from my Mac to the phone. 
This is a quality built toner cartridge, but for the money, it should have a great toner capacity 
Unit performs well, is reasonably fast, and has on-board security software that will allow the setting of a password. If you choose this option, loading each time upon insertion is a little slower, and you must 'stop' the unit prior to removing it when operating under the password protection. The few times I have forgotten I've not lost any data, but it scolds me for doing so upon the next use. 
Not a bad battery deal. While they don't last as long as some other batteries I've tried, their cost per battery more than makes up for it. For those that care about such things, they contain no mercury, no cadmium, and are made in China 
Gave it one star because there was no option for zero. Died after two days of use, would not turn on or reset. Previous Zen Nano, same thing after six months of use. I guess that would be my last Creative product 
I've spent over two hours tweaking this, and over an hour on the phone with customer support. The thing still wont connect to the internet. Don't get me wrong, the lights light up and my laptop can connect to the ROUTER, but the router wont connect to the internet. Belkin tech support told me to send it back. I will and I think I will try the Dlink Pre N. 
The 350C is well packaged with almost current programming. It only got me lost eleven (11) times on a 865 mile trip:All cities in Georgia - Tybee Island to Pine Mountain to Newnan to Stone Mountain and return to Tybee Island. (I packed and returned the unit the day after getting home.) It may suit others well, but I can not rely on the unit. Four of the eleven lost episodes were because newly constructed highways were not recognized. Five were due to the unit reacting too slowly in rapid turning sequences. (One wrong turn took me sixty miles out of the way.)Two were for unknown reasons. The unit seems to take forever to acquire available satellites. Instructions are clear, but preferred views automatically switch to "Map" even when not wanted. I need a faster reacting unit that allows programming while enroute to a destination (by a passanger, of course. 
This little doohickey is exactly what I needed to read my memory sticks. Load the software, plug it into the USB port and you're off and running! The MobileMate is SUPER SPEEDY! The files/pictures pop right up with no lag time. And you can read all forms of memory sticks with this one reader. Excellent value for the price 
I don't know if I just got a bad pair of radios, but they didn't work at all. If we were beyond shouting distance the radios did not receive any signal at all. Even at very close range there was too much static to understand anything. I'll post a review of the SX700s after we get a chance to try them out 
Maybe I got a defective pair, but the noise cancel barely does anything, maybe cuts out 3%. Not worth it, taking back and trying something else 
I hoping to use the WGR101 to provide wireless, encrypted access to two laptops from a wired ethernet connection in a hotel. It worked fine in single-user, no encryption mode but that is not what I needed. I experienced severe problems trying to use it in single user mode with WEP or in multi-user mode with and without WEP. One or both laptops would lose the ability to connect to the internet at seemingly random intervals. Sometimes cycling the laptop wireless radio would restablish the connection, sometimes I had to reboot the laptops, sometimes I had to reboot the WGR101, and sometimes I had to reboot the laptops and the WGR101. Stay away from this product unless single user, unencrypted access is what you need 
I bought these speakers based on price because I just wanted to get some budget speakers to start off with on my home theater. It turns out that these speakers have amazing sound quality easily rivaling speakers that cost 10x the price. I really can't find one bad thing to say. Even at high volumes they have a crystal clear pristine sound. The sub woofer pumps a nice rich heavy bass. Take advantage of the low price on these speakers, you won't find a better deal. I'm using these speakers with a Harman Kardon AVR 240 receiver and I also have two Polk R15's as my front left and right 
In the ten minutes since I've had it out of the box two pieces have fallen off. More importantly, It can't handle large manuals as advertised. (The reason I purchased this particular book holder) My 1000 page manual only fits if you happen to only want to read the middle chapter. Based on that I estimate that this is a totally worthless product to anyone needing to go through a manual or training book more than five or six hundred pages. If you don't anticipate needing it for a book that big then just glue the rubber feet on, keep an eye on the page retainers (these are the parts that fell off) and you should be ok. As for me, I'm off to read Amazon's return policy and see if I can get rid of this useless hunk of plastic 
I have been using this card for last 6 months, no problem so far. Rebate takes some time to arrive 
I would love this keyboard except for the spacebar, which sticks very badly. It installed easily-is sleek and comfortable-but is not usable for very long because of this glitch. I'm starting to see more reviews on this spacebar problem-so it looks to be fairly common with this model. 
the speakers sounds excellent for it's price but the power button has a defect. you need to push it a certain way to power it on 
I have a G4 tower Mac that did have a built in Ethernet. Unfortunately, a lightening strike took out the port and I was forced to get a PCI card to replace the port. The first card I bought was the D-Link DFE-530TX+. I was excited because the box clearly said that the card would work with Macs and that the "minimum requirement" was OS 10.2. They lied. OS 10.2 is the _maximum_ for this card. For most people, it won't work with 10.3 and up. D-Link has no driver for 10.3 or higher, only 10.2. A google search shows that some people have been able to get the card to work with 10.3. I couldn't. I tried several different drivers (some users recommended a driver from Realtek) and none worked. It's my guess (and totally a guess) that this card is really only for older Macs that are limited to 10.2. D-Link doesn't seem to have any intention of supporting modern Macs. This is the second D-Link product I've used (the first was a cable modem) and I've been disappointed both times. I can't speak for Windows users, but this company doesn't deserve Mac business. 
This product DOES NOT have the skip feature included in the product descriptio 
I wanted to connect a computer to a router, and the computer was going to be pretty far away from the router. So I figured I needed a long cord, and decided to get this one, which is supposed to be cat 5 stranded patch (which was what I needed.) Well, it's long. That's the only good thing about this cord. But the bad thing is so bad that the cord is useless. There is nothing on the ends! It's just a giant wire! There aren't any connectors on the ends that I can use to plug the cord into my computer, or the router. So I have a cord, but no connectors. It's completely useless, unless I buy the connectors separately, and attach them myself. Do I know how to do that? Do I want to do that? No. So I'm returning this. Maybe, if all you need is the cord (it's grey, by the way), and not the connectors, you might be able to use this. Otherwise, it's completely useless. If you can't find any cords this long that have connectors, maybe you should consider trying a shorter cord. .. 
Samsung is the WORST. We bought this TV in August and it was delivered in September to our new house. We opened it on a Sunday, plugged it in and watched it for a while, then on Monday it would not come on. They thought it was a lamp, but that didn't fix it so they came and got it to service it. We bought it for football season and football season is half over and we still have no TV. They decided to replace it since they couldn't fix it. That was three weeks ago. Now they are giving us the runaround blaming shipping/warehouse/etc for the delay in sending the new one. During a phone conversation with Samsung they basically said they were so far behind on shipping because they had so many to ship out (ie lots of them have problems and are being replaced is the way I took it. 
I have the Quest 2, but I've heard that this also fits the Quest. I bought it because, while my Dell laptop backpack is well padded, I wanted to make sure that my Quest 2 GPS was protected "just in case". This case fits perfectly, literally like a glove. When I got it, I was sceptical; it looked to small, but I was wrong; the dimensions are perfect. And there is more than enough padding to protect the GPS from harm, yet it is small enough to stick in a jacket pocket, which I sometimes have to (late day meetings where I leave my backpack at work). All in all, it's another great product from Garmin 
I am in the process of looking to return. The seal is not so good, so you have to run it through the machine a couple of times. In addition, the lamination has ridges in it. It isn't a smoothe finish (and it isn't air pockets?? 
The Sennheiser HD 205 is great value for money. The design is not only comfortable, but takes out a lot of ambient noise. This headphone does not have active noise reduction but does a good job with its closed design headphone. The right-side is able to swivel backwards, so you can answer a phone call and not need to remove the whole headphone. This swivel was designed for DJ's to do sound mixing, but works well for other purposes as well. I also like its strong bass and great clarity, where I could hear sounds in music that I did not hear before. This headphones not only works well for music, but does great with your favourite action movie. You will hear how close the sound is, and have bullets whizzing past you and swords meeting like they are just around you. Below are the technical specifications: Acounstic principle: Dynamic, closed Ear coupling: Supra-aural Frequency response: 14-20,000 Hz Max SPL at 1kHz, 1 Vrms: 112 dB THD at 1kHz, 100 dB SPL: 0.5% Impedance: 32 Ohms Weight (without cable): 206 g Singnal cable: 3 m copper cable (OFC), single-sided Connector/adapter: 3.5 mm stereo jack with 6.3 mm adapter This headphones comes with a 2 year warranty and a protective pouch for the headphones 
I've tried several different brands of headsets and this one wins. It reduces noise, has excellent sound and is comfortable for hours at a time. My office is between the shop, where we make rocket engines, and the flight line on the airport, where airplanes are tested. Sometimes jet aircraft sit outside my window and perform engine run-ups, or idle the APU for hours. This headset reduces the white noise while still allowing me to hear the phone ring even when a local F-4 Phantom II tests the afterburner. 
I bought these cables, brought them home and immediatly hooked them up. I set the PS2 for component and set my TV for it as well. And it looked awesome....for about 2 weeks. Then the short in the cables caused only the blue and green colors to work making everything look creepy. It would just fade back and forth until it just stop and the TV would have all the colors washed out in green. I found that I could stick a PS2 case under the cables at the base and it went away. But sometimes someone would move the case and it would come back. I have the PStwo (Small version) and the PS2... the small version has the problem, but the large one doesnt. So dont get them if you have the small version... The large one works fine. 
This mouse works perfectly fast and easy without problems even if you don't install the software. If you need a cordless mouse this is what you have to bu 
At first it wasn't a bad unit. But it broke within a year. Now that I read the past reviews, I see I'm not alone.... 
The transmission quality is very poor. I was unable to find a single frequency free of static. While operating the Belkin TuneCast II in my car I found that driving over or under bridges, under traffic lights, under power lines, or near large trucks increases the static to a level where the music can not be heard at all. The only way I could get audio clarity equal to that of a dirty and scratched record or a distant AM station was to hold the transmitter to the face of my radio. What a piece of poo! Can I give it zero stars? And don't even get me started on the excessive packaging that you'll need to use a diamond tipped jack-hammer to open 
This phone is small, great battery life, awesome range, and no interference. The features are subtstanial and the quality is amazing. From one that has always had Uniden Cordless phones this is a substantial upgrade. 
This is a very simple product that works as advertised. Easy to set up within MacOS X. I use the AirTunes functionality which is very cool. I don't use the USB printing. While more expensive than other 802.11g routers/access points, the simplicity + AirTunes functionality make it worth the extra money 
Very reasonable price and a must have as a spare for those that leave affixed to windshield year-round. Fast shipping. A great shopping experience 
I work for a small sized consulting engineer's firm where everyday we have to scan some hundreds of pages of text (magazine articles, old projects, letters from the client, books, etc). We got four years ago our first fujitsu scanner ( still working ) and we have been impressed with its speed, small size and since it wase easy to use to obtain good quality PDF files. A couple of years we moved to the scansnap series. We now have four of them. PROS : - incredibly easy to use ( you don't need to teach anybody ) - fast for PDF scanning - great value for money ( includes acrobat 7.0 bundled ) - very small, perfect for a desk - good construction quality, no one of our 4 scanners ever broke CONS : - quality of the feeding roller is good but not professional. If you have to scan hundreds of pages you have to be on the scanner to avoid paper jams, double-feeding that some time occurs. - not great quality for photographs scanning ( however difficult because it is not flatbed ). I strongly suggest it for small-medium sized businesses to scan documents. If you have to scan hundreds of pages everyday or you need a high quality scanner for photos you can find something better. 
Wouldn't it be nice to know what eight types of media the device will handle 
Very easy to set up, great product. Picture is great on my samsung 50 inch plasma 
I tested my new Canon i960 with a variety of papers. Like most printers, the output is much better when using the manufacture's own paper (as opposed to the cheaper generic paper), but there is no need to buy the most expensive Pro paper as neither I nor my wife could discern ANY difference between the two. There may be a benifit to the Pro paper that cannot be seen (lasts longer?) but at almost twice the cost it is not worth it - this paper will produce the highest quality prints on your Canon printer (I think they look better than the ones I get from the photo lab) 
If money was no object, I would prefer the totally wireless headset phone, however, this has been a great alternative. I have TMJ, and activities like talking with the phone crooked in my neck, while holding my toddler, while preparing dinner, compound my pain...go figure! I find that having the phone clipped on my hip with the cord hanging is kind of a pain, but, the product works great. I have had no problems hearing anyone, nor has anyone had difficulty hearing me. The earpiece is comfortable and easy to get on and off, even for someone with elfishly small ears like me! 
Why does a 15.00 gift card cost 24.00? I was going to get one but first someone explain this to me? Is the card itself made out of gold? Whaz up wit dat 
While convenient and a nice, lightweight unit, the voice pickup is very poor, regardless of how you adjust the set. This is not only with the set I have used, but with others I have talked to - you can tell if the person on the other end of the phone is using one of these units because they are so faint. I've gotten so I just ask if they're using a Plantronics CS50 when they are faint and the answer is invariably "yes". Also, if you are in a building with a lot of exposed metal (window/door frames, high cubicles with lots of metal), the range deteriorates significantly 
I have several friends that have had similar items in the last few years that have worked nicely. I'm sure this is a great product. Having said that... this product is NOT and I repeat IS NOT compatable with the new ipod nanos. The new Ipod Nanos are slightly wider than the original and will not connect to this product. I really hope amazon puts up a warning soon and I will do my best to try to get that done. Again this does not work with the 4GB and I assume the 8GB nano as well so do not buy it unless you have the older model Nano. 
I returned this product after a week - it was difficult to manage, the screen way too small to read (and I have 20/10 vision!) and just a very disappointing product overall. Do not waste your money. I ended up buying a Samsung and I couldn't be more happy 
There are too many files you must hunt for online that are not on the cd. If you can read Chinese you may fare better than reading the English instructions for the software. I'm returning mine and will try something a little more expensive but from a company with better quality control 
I have bought several of these. Some came in a fancy blister, and others in a coushing bag. Stay away from those. Be sure you're buying the sealed one because the physical design is a lot different. I give the generic two stars just because it works. I give four stars to the original because as others reviewers have said it's a little difficult to remove the card 
I bought the iriver mobile transmitter hoping that i would be able to listen to my mp3 player through my radio. I like the fact that it is easy to use and that you can choose your station, but i live in monroe and we get stations from toledo and detroit, which is a problem because most or all of the stations are occupied or have interference and the transmitter is not strong enough to block out the slight interference from far away stations. I didnt think to check to see how many stations i could use for this product, looking back, i should have. i would only recommend this transmitter if you live somewhere that there aren't many stations that you can listen to on the radi 
I purchased the 2 yrs warranty for my Samsung LCD tv but I never received any information on it. 
Perhaps I got a lemon, but I feel wary of buying another DT200V for 2 reasons: 1. From the day I got it, the power button was so sensitive that a tiny waft of air (no kidding) would turn it off (or back on) at whim. Right in the middle of a song, or talk, this shortly became maddening. Since this is unacceptable for a $50-range radio; and since I didn't want to spend as much money mailing it to and fro as it was worth, instead of sending it back -(OH looking back, how I should have!)- I opened it up myself, and had to physically shave down the plastic underside of the on/off button where it touched the internal power switch. As I couldn't conversely move the guts further from the button, this was the only solution. Thankfully this worked, and the on/off button did not give me further problems after this. However, 2. Not many weeks or months of use in, the radio developed this habit of shorting out or something to where my pre-set stations just scanned as blank 'fuzz' (no station, not even 'intelligent' fuzz/crackle like it knew a station existed anywhere on the planet) and I could get zero stations of anything at all--not FM, not AM, and no TV. This would happen right after turning the radio on, and I should note that I always used headphones (not the ones supplied; as with most, throw them away, they're not worth it). It seemed to me through trial and error that just turning the radio on was fine, but the act of plugging in some headphones joggled some connection or shorted something out, and did this. I tried several different pair and types of headphones (some with noise cancelling switches, some without, and with these On and Off), and used the 'lock' switch on the radio both in the on and off position while plugging in my headphones (as the company I bought them from recommended turning the lock switch on when changing batteries, to prevent shorts), but nothing I have done has prevented this from eventually happening again...repeatedly. It is really annoying when it does, as removing the batteries (which always will lose all your presets, by the way) and waiting several minutes rarely clears the short. Weirdly, the thing I've found which clears the short or re-makes whatever connection is messed up correct itself, is opening up the back (screwdriver required) and kind of pushing the guts (board) one direction or another, kind of scooting it (there's minimal movement available, though), and saying a little prayer and putting the whole thing back together again. Most of the time, that has worked. Occasionally, I've had to repeat the process 3-5 times before it will. Sometimes it lasts several weeks before this'll happen again, other times, it happens multiple times a day. The day I can't fix it (I don't even know what I'm doing that's fixing it!), I'll throw it across the room, against a wall, and I probably _won't_ buy another one. (If I do, I'm keeping the receipt, NEVER opening up the back as it voids any warranty, and returning it (not for repairs--for a refund!) the split second it gives me any trouble of any kind.) For all this, I grudgingly say that it does have very good reception quality of FM (I almost exclusively listen to this), pulls the stations in nicely, and has very low amount of static. When one particular station does, it's usually more the fault of distance, or we're getting out of range, or the batteries are very low- that's at fault. Indoors in a computer-saturated office-cubby environment and not near a window, though, I'd have to say, it has had some significant problems pulling in any more than 3-4 strong-signal stations without major static. But your office environs may vary. (Some are more electrical field saturated than most.) The FM (musical) sound quality itself is good/decent, and I might say better than many...but my 1 criticism on it is a certain 'canniness' of sound quality (across various headphones I've plugged in). It's lacking some fullness of the midrange, and warmth. Also, the bass is not what it could be. I'm not sure given its overall sound quality signature if the addition of a bass boost button would have helped it or not. For me, clarity and volume have helped me ignore some of the lesser aspects of the DT200V's sound signature. However, shopping for my next purchase, that will move up higher in importance 
I've gone through a ton of headphones in recent years. They've included Koss "The Plug," Sennheiser PX100, Koss UR29, Koss SportaPro and a few others. All had their strong and weak points. So far, this has been the closest I've had to a good balance. For my tastes (not necessarily anybody else's), strong bass is one of the most important things. The PX100 felt very weak in this area, despite what everybody else seemed to say -- weaker than my old Sony MDR-NC20 (which are still going strong after 6 years and remain my backup headphone of choice thanks to their decent sound and folding ability). I had problems keeping "The Plug" sealed in my ears, despite the "hold the outer ear while the Plug seats" advice. They're also a very a bad choice for iPods because their very low impedance overdrives the amplifier circuit. The SportaPros had great bass, but leaked way too much sound. The UR29 had good bass and very good isolation, but were a little uncomfortable, warm, heavy and too bulky to use on the go. Going back a few years, I had a pair of AKG K240s that had disappointing bass. Ditto for a pair of Sennheiser HD-420s. The K26P seems to combine the better aspects of all these phones. The bass is among the strongest. When I listen to the 1812 Overture, the "cannon blasts" come through loud and clear, even at moderately low volumes, with no distortion at all. Isolation isn't as good as the UR29, but not too bad. Certainly a lot more portable, easy to stow in my bag at all times. The PX100s fold smaller, but they're a pain in the neck to stow in their hard case. The higher efficiency of the K26P means I can set my iPod at a lower volume. Instead of 55-60% of max volume with the UR29 or the stock earbuds, I now run at 35-40% comfortably. In terms of comfort, they're comfortable enough for hours of wearing, after a couple of slight modifications. If they press too hard on your hears, first extend the headband all the way, then GENTLY straighten each half a little bit by gripping a couple of inches of steel band at a time and unbending it. After a few tries, it should be perfectly fitted to your head. Don't bend too hard or grip the plastic parts or you can break the phones. Be patient. So it takes a couple of days of trial and error, but in the end, you get good-sounding phones that are wonderfully comfortable. You'd be surprised how little pressure is needed to produce a good seal. You'll know if you've unbent too far because either the phones will slide down or you lose bass. Here's an easy test: with a finger on each side, press the earcups harder onto your ears. If the bass doesn't get stronger as you press (the way it does with all open-air headphones), that's as good a seal as you need. I hated the little, square foam pads on the plastic sliders and quickly peeled them off. All they seem to do is create two pressure points on top of the head. Other phones with similar headbands (like the Koss SportaPro/PortaPro) don't use these pads, so I don't think they're really necessary. Better to let the headband rest directly on the scalp and distribute the pressure over the entire headband, and so far my suspicions seem to have been correct. It has been far more comfortable for me without the pads, especially after more than half an hour. In fact, without the pads, I barely feel the headband at all. Overall, I'm satisified, especially at its low price point. I hope to use these for many years to come until either they break or something better comes along. By the way, don't be put off by comments about the warranty being invalid in the US and Canada. Read the whole warranty sheet! A separate section on the sheet covers a limited warranty for these countries, so yes, it is covered 
Low volume ... people can not hear me at the other end. I therefore have to return it. I liked my Siemens 8825 much much better. Other complaints: 1. No central office voice mail indicator 2. All handsets display the same missed call messages; so the same missed call has to be handled 4 times. A very stupid design. 3. Large heavy handset 4. This is not a phone system. It is a collection of phones. 
The 6500B was the last one I tried of three. I've had cordless Panasonic phones break too often in the past so was reluctant to buy one again. But the other choices had major drawbacks. I really needed a two-line phone that wasn't 2.4Ghz. The first I tried was the Uniden TRU8866. It had a bad echo on the extra handset and other people complained about that too. This phone uses phone company voice mail (no built-in ans mach) - which is fine - but I had the VM system go bonkers so lost all trust in it. For over a week messages accumulated but we got no stutter-tone so didn't know there were any new messages - arrgghh. Not the phones fault I know but it required VM for messaging so nope. Next I tried the new Motorola MD7081. I really wanted to like this phone. It's a 2-line 5.8Ghz ans machine like the Panasonic 6500B. I liked it's simplicity and easy switching between line 1 and 2. Had battery backup for use during power outages and the best voice quality of the three. But, it's answering system has no message counter. That alone is no big deal but it didn't have any indicator to say whether you had any saved messages. When a new message arrived it blinked and such - all good. But, if I got home, say, and listened to a message for my wife, the blinking stopped and no indication of "1 saved message" or anything. So, I would have to write a note to her to check the messages. We're so used to relying on seeing a message counter and just listening to them if it's not zero that we thought this would become a nuisance. I also would have liked an auto-line-selection so it would automatically answer the ringing line or select a non-busy outgoing line. But, that would have messed up their simpler style button function - hmmm. The Panasonic, I am surprised to say, ended up being my favorite. Hopefully it will be reliable. I was always bothered by Panasonic's phones losing the date/time with any little power outage. Happily, this phone sets its date/time from caller-id info even though the manual implies it wouldn't work quite that way. With the right settings and phone company options (busy-forward), it elegantly supports two lines as if they are one. I really like not thinking about which line is what - just pick up and talk. The 6500B has good voice quality and reasonable range. It's much lighter than earlier caller-id handsets which I like. I also like their shape of handset the best. My gripes are the limit of 4 handsets - I would like 6 or 7. Also, can't name the handsets so with intercom you have to remember each number 
This card DOES NOT work with NOKIA 6682. I bought this card from an other website and missed the earlier review here. The product description does not show voltage details and compatibility with phones. It is very misleading as the description uses the word "mobile phone ready". Sandisk should address this isse by providing proper product description 
I have paired this with my Linkysys wireless-g router and I have not had any problems with either. The modem installed without any issues. Prior to this modem I was using an RCA which began having connection problems. Since the Linksys install I have rock solid connection to the internet and a more stable wireless network. Previously I would expirience intermittant "drop outs" and would have to reboot. Currently I couldnt be more satisfied has been a good 3 month 
This TV weighs a ton, took three adult males to pick it up off of the floor and load it into an entertainment armoire. I have owned several Sony TVs and really thought hard about this purchase because of firmware issues that I have had with a 27 Sony. Mainly compared this model with the corresponding Panasonic Tau, absolutely hated the Tau remote and am very familiar with the Sony. Note that the remote was not the deciding criteria, but it was a consideration. I have no real complaints about this TV, the menu system is nice and the picture very good. I do not normally use the built-in speakers so really can't comment about their sound. This TV has a 16:9 enhanced mode that must be selected from the menus, I tried it once using a DVD as source input and liked the widescreen format that the DVD player provides better than the 16:9 mode. The 27 Sony that I have has an auto-volume feature, this 36 does not and I do miss it. I would purchase this unit again. Note that there is a very similar Sony model that has upgraded sound, but not consider it because the added width would not fit in the armoire 
The SanDisk 1GB Micro SD Card arrived quickly with intact sturdy packaging. I installed it in my Motorala RAZR V3m as expanded memory for my music library. Be sure to remove the RAZR battery to clear the access slot for the Micro SD. The V3m recognized the expanded memory without any problems. I used Motorola Phone Tools to transfer my entire music library. The program converts the mp3 file formats before transfer. The entire music library...a full 1GB...transferred reasonably quickly. The V3m is slow to access "My Music" using menu function #3 under "Get Tunes Tones". Function #6 "Manage Music" accesses the library reasonably quickly and works well. The new corded Motorola SYN1301B stereo earbuds work well in this configuration. Sound quality is surprisingly good, but the large diameter earbuds are flat...not tapered... and do not seat very well in the ear canal. The SanDisk 1GB MicroSD Card provides great value at a very reasonable price for full optimization of the V3m as cell phone with "MP3" player 
I don't get why other mounts cost twice as much. I bought this to hang my 42" Panasonic and it is great. Can someone tell me why the Omnimount costs so much more? I don't see any "functionality" differences. And with the Mustang Tilt mount, I have been tilting it at least 10 times for either adjustments or disconnecting/reconnecting cables...It is so simple 
While spending hours trying to figure out how to set the alarm, I sometimes wonder what hater of humanity actual designed this thing 
Maybe 2 1/2 stars. Software and wireless setup for this card went fine, even great, and have continued to work for over 1 1/2 years now but . . . Here's the rub. Seems the housing on the card that receives the threads of the antenna was not properly attached to the board. The antenna would not work properly - 0-50% signal strength from the Access Point in the next room when it wasn't falling off the back of my machine! Futzed with the thing getting half-*** performance with it for toooo long until . . . Had to remove board from computer, use plier to remove antenna from the recept and VERRY carefully place the card in a vice and use vice-grip/clamp tool to forcefully slide the 1/2" housing in place onto the board. Did this once and it didn't seat far enough (antenna fell off) and a couple weeks later had to repeat the process. Apparently it needed to be pressed on even further and it actually snapped (securely ?) the 2nd time after using more force that you might imagine on such a delicate device. It has worked as advertised since then (about a year now). There ARE other reviewers who have suffered from "antenna drops off" too. Be warned. When one pays extra "for quality" they should expect better than this. It's time again to add to my network and will try a different board (for half the price). 
My old DVD would not play some of the many new formats, i.e. DVD-R, etc. This unit plays every DVD I've put in it with no hassles. The VCR has an auto tracking adjustment feature that seems to be fool proof, no stutters or static in the sound. And the icing on the cake is the remote. I understand it! Plus it controls my television functions. Excellent price and standard excellent Amazon service. Well done 
I am a success coach and I record all my coaching calls as a standard practice. This recorder has performed fantastically in all situations. I get about 9 - 12 continuous hours of battery operation (depending on battery quality) and the unit captures voices flawlessly during my calls (I have an adapter for the phone). I have used this in a seminar setting and have had great results. I highly recommend using rechargeable batteries (always have one extra on hand) when you are going to use the unit for extended periods of time. Recharge before your event each day and you won't miss a thing. The unit only uses one battery and it's always a great idea to have a spare. The unit does not audibly warn when the battery is about to expire, so keeping a fresh charge should provide you with uninterrupted recordings. Each stop and restart begins a new file. For me that works great! If you are looking for one continuous file, do not shut it off. You can also buy software that will let you merge the files for your later use. You would be hard pressed to find a better product for the money 
The Netgear wireless router product is apparently in working order because I mailed it to my son in Tennessee who got it to work just fine on his equipment which is the same as mine. Surely, I'm not so technically savvy as my son, but I can read and write and follow directions. The setting up of the equipment is quite complicated, in my view, far moreso than it should be. I've set up other peripherals with success, but this product is more than I can handle. I've followed the directions, over and over, and still the router doesn't connect. I've given up. Can't handle the frustration. By the way, I'm way over the age of 13. I have grandchildren over the age of 13. 
The Logitech MX 400 mouse in my opinion was a good buy. It is very reliable, accurate, scrolls smooth, and is precise and responsive on every surface I have used it on. It is also light weight and comfortable, making it the purfect mouse for the price 
One out of every 4 discs would fail on me when I'd burn to this media at 4x. Slowing down the burn to 2x didn't help either! I own a Sony DRU500A with the latest firmware. Memorex isn't on their compatibility list. Lesson learned: check the compatibility list BEFORE buying 
The DVDs I burned successfully showed the movies in excellent quality. The only problem is that for every 3 good burns I get one bad one. I'm using the Plextor DVD burner (love it!!), but I'm going to try my luck with a different DVD brand. The failure rate for Memorex is unacceptable. It's less the cost that bothers me, but more the time wasted on burning coasters 
The camers is good in picture quality and easy to install and use. It's multi utility for desktop and notepad is a very good feature which I personally expected. I have a complete satisfaction 
I totally recommend this mouse. I purchased the 1st mouse a few months about and just now bought another one for my other laptop. I like it that you have an assortment of colors you can chose from also. The battery life is pretty good also 
Interference from other electronics is a severe problem - I had to return this item for a refund. If you can locate it several feet from any other electronics, it might work for you, but who wants a phone that you cannot place on your desktop, near a computer 
Excellent accessory, portable and you do not have to apply anything permanent to your vehicle....highly recommended 
Dissapointing. The sping-loaded connectors at the back of the selector are not particularly strong, so thick or rigid cables under tension (e.g. twisted at odd angles) easily slip out. The depth of the connectors is also not great, so wires cannot be inserted very far to compensate for the lack of traction. Connections might be better using Monster Cables' own Angled Gold Pin connectors, but I didn't try those 
I installed the roady in my car a few days ago.my wife has a xm radio in her new vehile so i was some what familiar with the xm radio.the only reason i didn't give the roady 5 stars was that the signal to the indash radio is poor.on the front of my in dash stereo there is a aux. input which i plugged my roady into and the roady plays crystal clear,however this connected is not mentioned in the roady instruction manual.i have three vehicles and all three have an aux. input on the front of the cd player that i plug my mp3 player into.xm radio was running a special and i got the unit and the car kit for 40.00.all in all the roady is awesome 
I was mislead with Amazon review which said it supports conversion to MP3 format with the software supplied, it does not. The help quite clearly states "You cannot convert a file into an MP3 file". It will convert to .wav then you can use a 3rd party program to go to MP3. If it had MP3 support (at least conversion on the PC from the Sony proprietary format which is .msv) I would have given it 5 stars due to the good software supplied and the amazing sound quality possible. It you record in full quality mode (1.25 hours with built in 32meg memory) and listen to it again with good headphones it does sound amazing. The Voice Up (so you hear each person in a conversation) works very well as do other nice features. But it is let down with the software supplied not performing MP3 conversion. Going to .wav then .mp3 with another program is a pain and simply converting to .wav to get away from proprietary .msv takes up too much space. But I would buy one again, as it is very easy to use, small, and very high quality. I just hope Sony would listen to consumers and support MP3 
Let me just preface this review by mentioning that I read many customer reviews(here and elsewhere) on this product before purchasing it. I focused on the negative reviews as to develop a good idea of any potential design flaws. After using this keyboard for almost 6 months I believe that Saitek delivers an attractive design with solid quality. Command Pad: Many reviews bash this feature. It is quite a basic pad as compared to some, but it gets the job done. My only main gripe with the pad was how it failed to deliver some windows macros such as ctrl-alt-delete. During games such as WoW and CoD2 I had no problems whatsoever. The rumor about the horrible software and it being buggy was nonexistent for me. The customers who claimed it to be "impossible" and "buggy" seem to be computer illiterate at best, and judging from the frequency of grammatical errors in their reviews, possible English illiterate as well. If you are familiar with computer hardware then you will be fine with this software and pad. Keyboard: The quietness, response, and overall feel of the keys rival any Logitech design. I am a huge fan/customer of Logitech equipment, and thus can confidently state that this board is of equal material quality. Saitek took a more simple route with this design(no LCD screen etc...) and the price shows it. *I almost laughed out loud after recently reading some of the passionate and disgruntled reviews concerning the lack of key-symbol illumination. It is obvious that these reviewers did not know much about the product they purchased. Unfortunately failing to be informed about a product one buys totally demerits any kind of negative opinion resulting from that lack of knowledge. I would guess that 90% of the negative reviews about this board capitalize on this point resulting in a much lower overall rating than deserved. Last and probably least comes the aesthetics, of course the most subjective part of any review. I found this setup to be very sharp looking. In the dark, the vivid key definition from the backlights allows any experienced typist to quickly find whatever he/she is looking for. This eliminates the need for symbol illumination. Although symbol illumination might be a nice touch, especially for the keyboard deficient, I feel that Saitek sacrificed this option to provide very durable lettering. I have lost some lettering on Logitech keyboards sooner than the 6 months I've been using this one(Although frequency of gaming has fluctuated). Saitek Engineers probably figured that most gamers would know the keyboard well enough to not need both key definition and symbol illumination, apparently an oversight on their part. I will recap this lengthy review by recommending this keyboard to any capable computer enthusiast who desires a good value. 
For the background, I've owned used various IEM (In-Ear-Monitor) headphones over the years: Ety ER4p, Altec Lansing iM716, Shure E2c, Sony EX71, Koss KSC75. Here's my quick impression after using these headphones for a week: Pros: 1. Very good bass well balance (not as bloated as the Sony EX71, the ER4p has tight but the least bass-feel/effect.) Mid-range is good. Treble is just a little bit harsh right out of the box (but can be tamed with EQ.) 2. Easy to drive (with the iM716 phones, I'd need to crank up the vol.) 3. Very light weight 4. Comfortable tips (3 sizes included) 5. Decent isolation from outside noise (the ER4p have better isolation) 6. Moderately priced ($50) Cons: 1. Cables are thin so handle with care. 2. Some people may not like the "phonendoscope effect" (cables frictions.) This is very common with IEM headphones, some are more than others. 3. No pouch or case PS: For bass-heads, you will like these IEMs - from an owner of Beyer DT770-80's experience : 
I just recently purchased the Quickcam STX for my sister who lives overseas in Greece. It's a great way for us to connect especially since we only see each other on an annual basis. Surprisingly, the video and audio is quite good. I do have a Mac and she doesn't have any issue calling me from her pc. We use Aol instant messenger (Video and Audio) or Yahoo Messenger (Video) to connect. I still prefer the iSight for Macs. Unfortunately, you can't use an iSight on a pc. Wish Apple could make the iSight compatible with PC's. Anyhow the STX is a great cam for what it's worth. 
I had this for approximately 2 years. It worked fine for couple of months but suddenely started to activate the alarm without any disturbances. One day I left my laptop attached the alarm in my office for about half an hour. During this period, the alarm was activated and I was embarrased to face my office workers. This is without increasing the sensitivity of the alarm. I sent it back to Targus and they were nice enough to give me a new alarm. But after several months, it started the same problem. So, now I am afraid to use this security system with my laptop. But I did not face problems like changing the combination by its own. You can use it without the alarm activation (i.e: without batteries) but the cable is so thin, it is not recommended to protect any valubles 
I actually meant to order the Philips 7-incher (brighter screen, $20 cheaper, bulkier), but somehow I got confused when I placed the order...this one looked beautiful so I was pretty psyched anyway and was definitely going to keep it. I was planning on using this for work, as I get a lot of DVD's from clients - so I popped one of those in and guess what? It came up as "invalid disc". It's supposed to play the majority of formats, and I triple checked the disc in my other dvd players, and it worked in my Panasonic DVD/VHS combo player. A store-bought DVD worked fine (although I didn't play it much more than the first menu) so I know it's not broken. The first reviewer also noticed that it doesn't play a bunch of homemade DVD's, so I will confirm that here - if that's gonna be a deal-breaker for you then stay away. BTW, the DVD I was trying to play was made on a Philips burner. I didn't bother to test it with any others 
These speakers were a major disappointment. I have speakers that are about 5 years old, and wanted to replace them. But these Sony speakers were AWFUL - the sound was tinny, the bass was almost non-existent, and the sound was probably worse than that coming from my built-in laptop speakers. And these weren't even the "cheap" speakers - there were many sets that cost less than this. If you care at all about the quality of the speakers, spend another $20-$30 and get a decent set... don't buy these.. 
I ordered this device to sit on a player piano, which can play ipod encoded MP3 files, once they are transferred from the special CDs that are designed for the piano. The remote is limited, as are all remotes for ipods, but for the special use I have, this is a great product. It allows me to sit across the room and pause the piano or select the next piece of music 
Easy to install and use but the remote does not have an on/off switch 
I can't get good reception at any range from source. Intermittent when two rooms away from source. Have to move the speaker unit around to find an acceptable location. Doesn't automatically retune when being turned back on. Not at all what I expected from this piece of equipment. 
The product is a good value. It performed well and was fairly easy to use. I only wish it would allow importing play lists from iTunes, all text had to be manually input. Overall, I'm very satisfied with the product 
The price on the cases is cheap but you get what you pay for. I will never buy these cases again. Quite a few of them were broke when I got them. Even the ones that weren't broke are made of VERY flimsy plastic and I have a feeling they will break if I open them very often. They also don't open and shut very easy. Look elsewhere for good cases 
I purchased this unit due to frequent blackouts in my area and 2 power supplies going bad. It will run my cable modem, router, PC, and LCD monitor for 5 minutes. This is more than enough time to save work and shut down. Equally important, I know that my electronics are receiving clean power. I feel that this investment is minor compared to the loss of valuable data or the failure of equipment due to a power spike or an irregular power supply. As always, Amazon had it to me in <2 business days 
I knew I had to pay shipping for this cards ($5) so I decided to buy 4 at once, what was my surprise that at checkout they wanted to charge me five dollars shipping for each card eventhough they were going to be ship together I decided not to buy them anymore. They lie telling you that you are saving a huge 1% but at the end you pay almost 20 dollars for each card that is more or less 35% more than anywhere else. Its a shame that they try to rip you off that way. BUY THEM AT THE APPLE STORE ON LINE, NO SHIPPING FEE !!!!!!!! YOU PAY ONLY FACE VALUE NOT A CENT MOR 
I had it now for 12 months and no problems with it. Its tiny lightweight and great speed. My old computer has to work quite hard to recognize it, but my laptop has no problems. One minor detail.. You cannot hook too many other stuff on the USB at the same time. I just ordered another one 
I am satisfied by the purchase of this Targus CVR600 15.4 Groove Notebook Backpack since it is super wide, comfortable and with many compartments to keep objects apart of the laptop. I recommend it to you 
This has helped me significantly in drawing in the computer, for programs such as Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop and Macromedia Flash. Drawing with a mouse is like drawing with a brick - so buy this piece of equipment if you need to draw in the computer! It also works well as an overall mouse for your computer. It even comes with a mouse if you prefer to use that instead of the pen. Plugs right into your USB drive and works almost instantly 
I'm very happy with the Kensington SX 2000. I listen mostly to jazz and the midrange is as good as the higher end Bose or Apple speaker systems. Pumping up the volume does not distort in any way either. Plus, I have my speaker on a divider that equally services both ends of the open space 
High quality disks. Never a bad burn. Fast delivery. Buy this from this selle 
This is the perfect product for someone who travels with portable computers. You don't have to tote around long phone cords it retracts with no jamming! Excellent travel accessory 
I have had this phone now about 3 months and I am VERY HAPPY with it. IT has all the things and want and many more, The hand sets are very clear and I love the fact I can check voice mail on any hand set that goes with it I do not have to run to the main answering machine to check the voice mail. The range of the hand sets is great had no problem at all with this. So far I love everything with this phone, It is much better than either of the last two phone I have had. I have walked over a 1/2 block from the house and it still works clearly, I have never had a phone that worked so far away from home 
It says the keyboard is supposed to be easier and more comfortable to type with. I don't think it is that comfortable. It's a little hard getting used to, so be prepared to hit the backspace a couple of times. The keyboard is 100mA and uses USB connection. There is a USB to PS/2 converter included. Overall, it is an ok product for the money, as it is the cheapest USB keyboard I've found 
I had a terrible time getting a station to come in even close to FM quality. There was always a bunch of static and the stereo buzzed between songs because I had to keep the volume too high. The high band of frequencies seemed to work best, but then it led to crackling speakers everytime I turned something electrical on in the car. It also seemed to kill batteries at a surprising rate. On a positive note, I loved the fact that it would also function for my son's DVD but in the end, it had way too much static so I hunted for anothe 
I went and got this keyboard after the first one broke. I found the keys were re-arranged. Instead of hitting home - I wound up deleting my work. This is a keyboard I cannot work with. Model Number 1 and 3's were better. 
I've been using this CF card on my Nikon 4300 for a couple of months now. It writes fast compared to my other CF (Canon stock, from another camera). However, start up of the camera takes longer (because of the size), and as more pictures are stored, there is a noticeable degradation in speed in writing. I've also used this on a Dell Axim, and it worked great! No problem in formatting 
I ordered these headphones from Amazon based primarily on user reviews of a number of noise cancelling headphones. I am quite pleased with my purchase. Though not stellar audiophile quality, the sound is pretty darn good, and with some minor EQ it's excellent. The noise cancelling effect seems to work very well: much better than I expected. Furthermore, the headphones are very comfortable and seem to be solidly constructed. I highly recommend them 
Excellent service, five days is all I had to wait and saved a lot of money. Couldn't be happier. Im a new Razr owner so everything is new to me. CD installed without any problems (Windows XP). I had a cable so I now have a spair. I just wanted the Phonetools CD. I would gladly do business again-Thanks 
I am satisfied. Works great with my Phone Nokia E6 
I burn a ton of DVDs and have used almost every brand out there. Many have errors, even the top brand names like Memorex...etc. I have found the least amount of errors with this brand and the shelf life seems to be lasting. I've switched all DVD media purchases to Verbatim. They are by far, the best of them all. Would recommend to everyone 
Cheaper than thick CD cases and less prone to breakage, these "slim" cases by Memorex protect your CDs. Most buyers will get them for use in CD or DVD burning, and these are an affordable choice from a quality company for that purpose. You may want to consider larger cases depending on your tastes, but otherwise these will probably satisfy your needs 
I got this jacket a month into having my ipod. I had to buy it because I had been using the one that comes with the ipod and when I pulled the iPod out of that case it was easy to drop. One time I did drop it and within a month of owning the iPod I had it in fro repairs. This case protected my iPod of another 11 months just fine. My complaint with it tough is the plastic peice that protects the screen and pod from falling out. It is stiched on the inside so when the ipod is in there is creates friction. Acrilic and plastic do not mux and you get a slightly scraped serface. It will protect your pod though 
I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the camera in all kinds of weather. I would buy Kingston again 
I got the newer model of these, with the blue light on the speakers . All I can say is that these speakers are worth the money. You get what you pay for. These speakers have pretty good highs in them, bass wise there decent. They hit alright, and sub decent. You pay more money, you get a better system you know. This system here isn't much money, so it isn't going to be the best. So there isn't no reason for the bad reviews. I think they work really good for the price their tagged at. So if your looking for a system with some good highs, and decent bass these are for you 
This map set met all my expectations, and was far more current than I had expected. Software for turn by turn directions on roadways while driving works great with the Garmin Ctrex GPS. Recommended. To load many states you will need large memory card, 1 GB. 
Worked fine for a couple of weeks and then just died. The problem was that it was not recognized by XP or Linux anymore. 
I mainly chose this mouse because I needed one quickly and it was black and matched my set up. I had been using the standard greyish white optical mouse with a scroll wheel and a red light that shined out from under my wrist. This one feels smaller, but still comfortable. However a couple weeks of normal usage made the mouse much less solid feeling. The plastic now mushes as the seems flex slightly in my hand. I decided to have a friend repair the cable of my old mouse. :-/ I am going to donate this mouse to a friend who still has a tracking ball mouse. I like some of Logitechs products and higher end mice. But I would stay away from this mouse. Its not bad, its just not good enough to pick over other mice that cost the same amount. Hope that helps. Awesomefun 
After purchasing the stylus, I immideatley noticed that the styli were far significantly lighter in weight than the factory included stylus for the Tungsten T5. Even worse, after a fatal exception and hard lock on the T5, I noticed that these styli have no built-in pin to hit the reset button with 
Terrible. No bass. "J" type wiring is hard to adjust to. Substandard product for Panasonic. AVOI 
This thing works well until a bulb blows out. When I replace the bulb, it will not turn off after 4 minutes and I end up having to replace it 
I was fairly satisfied with this phone until I had to re-arrange my office and move my phone. Once I moved it and then tried to reconnect it, I no longer had LCD functionality or speakerphone functionality. I looked on their website and this is what it said on their FAQ: Problem: No caller ID information received Does the LCD screen on the handset show anything? No Your telephone is defective and needs to be sent in for service Since it is on their FAQ I would assume this is a common problem. In trying to exchange my phone they were insistent that I send my phone in first so they could look at it and then refurbish it / exchange it. Since I use this phone for my home office this was problematic for me. I would not recommend this product. I personally will not by Panasonic again due to the quality of customer support (or lack thereof) that I received 
I have had these speakers for over a month and I love them they sound awesome. They were delivered quickly and they were brand new as described 
I have the same issue as "Misleading Item Description" below. The only reason I bought this is because I thought it was the complete set. What good is a headset without the base? WARNING! TigerDirect does not except returns on this headset; so now I must return the headset to TigerDirect, then buy the full unit from TigerDirect or I lose my $70. The headset with the base is about $35 more expensive than what I would have payed at BUY.COM. I expect a lot more from Amazon. Very, Very Disappointed 
When we needed speaker systems for a batch of new workstations, price was the main consideration. The price for these units was well below budget. Since our main application for them was for audio-enhanced CAT (Computer Assisted Training), High fidelity and volume were not issues. They worked admirably for the purpose. The use of a USB port for the power supply was a clever twist. One of my aggravating support woes is keeping speaker power adapters matched up with corresponding speakers. I had been buying unpowered (unamplified) units with no manual volume control. The USB trick gives me just what I want 
I basically bought these because they were cheap. Cheap things are not always bad and these headphones are a great example. The UR-20 provides excellent sound for both music and movies. It has excellent bass and sound isolation. I am by no means an audiophile but I know good sound when I hear it and these headphones produce great sound, especially for its price. 
I was debating over the PictureMate, Kodak Printer Dock 3, Sony DDP-FP50, and the HP Photosmart 475. I made the choice of the HP and I LOVE IT! The prints are 4800x1200dpi and look like real lab prints. I use the HP 4x6 boarderless Premium Plus photo paper with the HP Ink and the prints are just wonderful. Forget the other bad reviews because this printer beats them all. (...) The HP produces bright, vivid pictures designed to last a lifetime. The PictureMate is also alot larger than the HP 475. The 1.5GB hard drive is a plus as well. HP said that the remote is not included but they lied, they come with the remote and battery. Overall, this printer is the best I have own 
dvds are less than 30 dollars now with 16x speed and look at amazon ,it is still selling then above 40 (only 8x speed 
Purchase/Service: For $2,200 at Amazon, this was a great purchase since it would have cost over $2,700 at a retail store (including tax and shipping). Eagle arrived 10 days earlier than the Amazon estimate, unloaded the TV right to the TV stand, and after hooking it up and making sure the controls worked and the picture / sound worked, I signed for it. And, Eagle asked if I wanted the packaging carted away. Very pleased with the service part so far..... My Set-up: S6187 61" HDTV Sony AV and 5.1 surround (this is not a digital unit.....I wasn't sure it would work but there are three options to hook-up a home theater: 1) Basic connection; 2) Optical; 3) HDMI) Sony DVD Motorola HD-CATV box (We use Comcast) Sony VCR Experience: As far as the tv, the HD channels look sharp and clear, however the non HD channels aren't as sharp as my 36" Sony CRT TV (there are several settings on the Samsung for 16:9, 4:3 and wide format; setting to 4:3 or wide for non HD channels improves the picture quality a little). But it doesn't effect the enjoyment since I purchased this for the HD, and it blows me away. The TV controls are simple to use, and the on screen menu's are easy to navigate. The sound out of the TV is not adequate for surround sound, but I hooked up a 5.1 reciever and it makes HD come to life. I like the fact that you can connect components to an AV and/or the TV, so there is room for 3 additional components with my set-up. I also hooked up my laptop (there is 2 connections for the video and audio on the back of the TV). After changing the video settings on the Laptop (the mannual does a nice job for XP users), it was incredible! The camcorder hooks up to the side of the TV, so there is no need to move the unit away from the wall. It was a simple set-up, and again, the picture quality just blew me away!!! I highly recommend this TV to anyome looking for a 50" plus TV 
These things are not worth the money .. get a cheap one! Look at http://www.radarbusters.com/ or www.007radardetectors.com or www.consumersearch.com 
I waited 10 days for this to arrive. The first time I plugged it in it ran for 2 minutes. I typed Dear and the machine typed wcm" When I tried to erase wcm" the erase mechanism did not work. I turned the machine off and when I switched it back on the carriage went to the far left and will not move, ie I cannot type or use the machine in any way. When the machine came two of the keys were knocked loose and I had to stick them back on. Now when I look at the machine I can see it is assymetrical...there is a 1/4 gap in the base, so it must have been dropped or damaged somewhere. This is not acceptable but I have no way to contact whoever Mstasad is. I have a huge project to do over the labor day weekend but I don't have a typewriter that works. I feel cheated and am very upset.. 
I work at a home office so I am on the phone lot. I always buy cordless phones I can use with a headset so I can have both arms free while I talk with a min of background noise intrusion. In other words, I don't talk with the phone cradled between my shoulder and ear. And I don't use speaker phone features. Let's just get that out of the way now since those are things some have complained about that I couldn't care less about. This phone first of all looks good and FEELS good. It was built with high quality plastics and metals on all surfaces. It has a nice solid weight to itself. Nothing tacky or cheap about it. It looks far better in person than it ever did in pictures. And it looks pretty good in pictures. I like how the bases are designed such that the antennas serve a double purpose as cradle supports for when the phone is docked. Clever design. The charging base light and back-lit buttons all look very slick. The screen is attractive. A big step up from back-lit LCDs or no screen at all like my previous phone. I like that you can very quickly find and hit Mute, adjust volume, and page through your caller history. The belt clip goes deep so the phone stays snugly attached to you pocket when you are walking around. I know many 5.8 GHz phones don't mention that only one direction of communication is at that frequency vs. both directions (as 2.4 GHz sometimes gets used too). I don't know for sure if this phone falls into that category, but I was in the market for a 5.8 GHz phone to avoid interference with my WiFi networks as well as to avoid microwave oven interference with my calls. One thing's for sure: this phone definitely is immune from MY microwave oven. In the past when I was on a call heating up my coffee, static and voice quality went way down unless I got far away from the oven. With this new phone I can stand right by it while on High w/o ANY impact on voice quality. One other very cool feature is the spare battery charger. While it's nice that the battery can replace a unit that runs down in a handset right away, the best part is if you have a power failure. Your phone will keep truckin' and there is never a need to replace that battery with some short lived 9volt waste of time. Finally, I like how the phone by a bedside basically doubles as a digital clock. The phone base unit picks up the current time from the caller ID info provided by the phone company and uses that info to automatically set and broadcast the current time to all headsets and base station. No need to manually set the clock. And when not in use, sitting it is dock, the phone's screen displays the time. So far I've found the voice quality to be best of any cordless phone I've owned 
This is my second Escort Passport 8500 X50. The first one is in another car. It saved me many times for getting caught though I'm not maniac driver. The detection range is very good, it gives you plenty time to adjust your speed before you see the police car. I love the blue color and it only costs $30 more than red. The only problem that I have experienced on my first one is sometimes I got laser false warning signals, especially on raining day with defog is on. I heard someone mentioned that turbo charged car can causes X50 Pop and Laser false warning signals, and my first X50 is in my turbo charged car. I'm not sure if Pop alerts were false but since it won't help much, I have it turned off. Overall, it's very good detector, you will get payback if you own one. 
Hard to figure out and organize music... battery life not what is promised and needs to be changed often... don't recommend it. Very "Not happy 
I bought the NuLOOQ product a few weeks ago with little expectation and actually with some doubts it'd do anything for me, as I'm a keyboard junkie. The product description was a bit confusing as it seems like ti does a lot. But what a surprise. Just adjusting the brush size using the ipod like scroll disc on the device is worth the price. The pop-up menu thing is cool. I don't use it as much for putting tools, but putting my files and folders into that menu keeps things in one place. I guess the product also lets you pan and zoom around, but I don't seem to use that as much. I still like using my mouse to pan and zoom around. Hey, I was skeptical about the product like anyone else, but found myself a rare surprise. Good job Logitech 
Be aware before you buy this flash drive that it will not accept file names with many commonly used characters like: '?' and '/'. When it encounters these characters, it stops transferring files completely and you have to begin the copying process again after 'correcting' the file names. For me, this was a serious inconvenience and an undisclosed liability of the device. For others, it may be less important 
I have case logic CD wallets from 7+ years ago that are still in good shape...despite the abuse I put them through. I bought this one only because of CD collection expansion. I find simply wiping off the outside cover with a wet sponge keeps it clean. The nylon covers really hold up over time. Remember- the "128 cd capacity" refers to CDs without their accompaning booklets. It's really 64 CDs with booklets. 
Short review: Have burned about twenty disks, all work perfectly. Have made home dvds out of them, all work in three different regular dvd players that I've tried. Very satisfied with them 
I purchased this item on Nov. 17, 2006. Amazon claimed it was in stock. I then upgraded from free shipping to Standard, which promises a 3-5 days delivery time. Amazon now informs me that it will arrived on Nov. 29th! This is the second recent order with a longer than anticipated/promised delivery time. I don't know if Amazon is going down hill or what, but it's discouraging. Next time, I'll just buy the item locally and pay a few extra dollars. And by the way, don't even try to call Amazon Customer Service at 800-201-7575. They can't do anything to resolve a problem and barely speak or understand English. Another great American company moving towards metiocracy; what a shame 
This cover is very durable, however it is somewhat difficult to get the ipod into the case. The case covers the entire ipod except for small vent holes so it is very water resistant, but the case covers the locking button making it harder to lock and unlock the ipod 
This is a very nice set of paper and envelopes. The price is really great. The paper is a little lighter than the ones that cost almost double. The colors come out very bright and the folding is easy. Overall it is a good deal 
I purchased this router (not from Amazon) about 6 months ago when my 5-year-old, very reliable, router died. I purchased it locally and someone came out and installed it. I have had numerous problems with this router since then. It does not stay connected and there is actually no option for "always on." After having some other problems, I took it back and the vendor upgraded the firmware. After that, it lost the setup information twice and the info had to be re-entered. Then today, after being instructed to reset the router, it got stuck in a mode where it only wanted a firmware upgrade (there was no apparent way out of this). So, I obtained the upgrade and according to the router message, it was updated successfully. After that, I could not get the router to work at all. I gave up and ordered an entirely different router (the same brand that I has used before with tremendous success). My summary - save yourself time and aggravation and don't buy the Linksys WRT54G 
I purchased this memory card for a camera I was also purchasing. It was listed as an accessory to the camera on the same page. When I received the card first and then the camera, I was disappointed that the card was the wrong shape and size for the camera and would not fit. Because I had opened the plastic package to the card, I was unable to return it. In fact, when I emailed the company who sent it, I never even received a response. 
I received the iPod quickly which was a plus. But it was horrible when it would only download 5 songs. I had friends who have the same iPod try to fix it and it never worked. I sent it back and requested a refund. It has been a month and a half and I have YET to get my $120 back. 
Mine worked pretty well for about the first 50 labels that I made. Then the font size got stuck ridiculously small so that the message only covers about 10 percent of the tape surface. If you want really small labels with a hard-to-read font size, you could use my PT-1750 to print them out and then cut down with scissors to eliminate all of the wasted label area 
I was considering purchasing a tablet and Wacom was consistantly recommended. I was originally hesitant to buy the graphire line because I didnt think it would be very good for drawing compared to the top line (the intuos line). I was pleasantly surprised to be proven wrong. Installing a driver was a piece of cake and I began drawing away in minutes. It is very responsive and works with all my drawing programs (paintshop pro, painter, photoshop). The mouse is pretty useless however, and I would have preferred if they had included some extra pen tips instead (they seem to wear out, though I do press pretty hard). Other than that, its an amazing product 
Bought this mouse over 3 months ago, and its still going strong. The batteries last forever (I've never replaced them yet). My only problem is that at times, I will turn off the mouse by attaching the receiver to the bottom, but it won't seem to turn off! I reset the mouse and then attach the receiver again, and this always does the trick. Other than that, very ergonomic, extremely smooth and precise. I like the solid feel of a slightly weighty mouse, and with the batteries, this mouse feels just right. If only it weren't for the mouse not turning off sometimes, I'd give it a 5 
You must have received CA-709 (without the cassette component) by mistake. CA-706 is prepackaged with the cassette component 
I purchased this and am not impressed. Note that "works with all click wheel iPods" isn't true. It does NOT work with photo iPods (at least the 60 GB model). I'm on vacation and had to remove the cover to get it to fit. I'm ordering a 'photo dock' since I can't see any way to get a cover that is made for the 60GB/photo model. If I'd known this, I'd purchased only the stereo cable and the photo dock separately, since I already have a charger (came with it...). Grr. :- 
It's hard to believe the quality of the sound from this very small device. MP3's sound great as do the voice recordings. With 1 gig of space you can record an entire day of seminar speakers and still have space left. The built in STEREO OR MONO mics are great...PLUS, YOU CAN USE IT TO CARRY FILES TO AND FROM WORK. The function buttons are logical and easily accessed, even with my big fingers. Priced right, I'm glad I purchased. Received it on time. Totally happy with my purchase. My only wish is that it came with a case and a neck or wrist strap. It's so small it gets tossed into whatever pocket is available and that can lead to scratches from keys, etc 
There isn't too much to write about this except is delivers as stated. Great product for the price 
This is a total bargain. Not only was the price right, it works perfectly in the car, at home converting every radio to a stereo system for my iPod Nano. When they're put together it looks like one unit and if, by chance, you use a Motorola Rzr phone the charger works with he iTrip and recharges the Nano, eliminating the need for any other charger devices 
I was surprised at the sound quality of this small speaker system. I purchased it to use in my bedroom on my nightstand and am very pleased. You can hear the music in several other rooms if the volume is turned up, without distortion. I am very pleased with my purchase and would recommend the speaker system to others 
I am on my second one and I will be returning this one also. Both of them worked once and then would not retract fully after that. I was so mad I almost threw it against the wall. I thought the first one was a defect, but then when I got the second one I realized it was a design flaw... If you buy the Targus one keep your receipt because I guarantee you will be returning it. What I don't get is how Targus has the guts to release this product and also put on it: Satisfaction Guaranteed. What a joke.. 
I canceled the order of Velocity DVD-R disks since it took too long to deliver 
We have had ours for almost a year - it still works great, but there is one big problem - the display is a white/violet bright light. Great for visibility of the clock when you need it, but unfortunately, even when it's on the lowest setting, it lights up our whole room! My husband sleeps through it fine, but I need a dark room to fall asleep and I always have to throw a sweater or towel over it. We finally gave it up and switched back to our old clock radio 
PROS: xlnt quality long cord usb or ps2 connection xlnt accuracy very comfortable feel easy access to side buttons great gaming mouse affordable CONS: none this is by far the best mouse i've ever owned bar none 
Initial setup could be complex for some, but considering all it is capable of i'd say it's worth the time investment. 
This bracket will not fit the eTrex Vista CX. This is because the battery cover supplied with the bracket (replaces the original battery cover to provide attachement lugs) will not clear the microSD card socket. This is very frustrating because the Garmin website even shows this bracket, part number 010-10361-00, in the eTrex Vista CX accessories list. So if you have a CX, don't purchase this item 
This stick is fantastic for high resolution photos and is lightning quick. Do you need the extra speed the MSX-M1GN gives you? Maybe, maybe not. But at least you have it when and if you need the feature. Highly recommend it for the money. 
Well, so far so bad... I burned the DVDs on my Panasonic DVD recorder. They play in my newer DVD players, but I cannot make a copy of them with Sonic DVD, Nero, or One click DVD. UNacceptable! I have used many types of DVDs, never had this happen. I guess I know why some DVDs I have purchased are playable, but not copiable.. it is the media! I will stick with Maxell,or TDK 
Fabulous product --- now I can store over 700 photos in the 8 mega pixel range. Happy I purchased this one -- very trouble free 
This DVD player is great for the road, and even at home when you don't want to be bothered. Unless the are much loud noises happening around you, the players' speakers work fine. It comes with all of the accesories you'd want, including a car outlet, wall adapter, remote, and the battery. It charges in under 4 hours, and plays for over 3 hours. The player is sleek and so is the battery, but together are a bit bulky, not bad. Screen quality is good, great for a portable. Made of good quality materials. I've had it for a month and nothing is showing signs of wear-n-tear. A recommended accessory to purchase is a carrying case, which will haul all your add-ons that are included. I bought the targus sport, which is great also. For 160 bucks, it's well worth it! 
So far I havent filled up my disc yet using it. The disc that came with it would fill up after 3 minutes of talking. So far its great 
Terrible Design did not fit my car's electical outlet, it does not work with my Jeep Liberty. The jack construction is defective does not even power on 
Powder from the toner cartridges get all over the inside of the printer and then ruins every page that is printed. Every page that is printed from my printer has a greyish color due to the powder dirt inside. It is impossible to clean it since the powder is everywhere. The only way to get it clean would be to bring it to a car wash (obviously this would leave the printer with bigger problems than page color). What a waste of money!!! Good thing my office bought it and not me or I would be furious 
After serveral months of use, "Card Error" was shown on my Canon Digital Rebel for my 512MB Viking card, which was half full with pictures. Fortunately, I just lost a few of pictures. I tried to format the file; "Card Error" kept occuring on my Rebel. This 512MB Viking card is now used for my data files. Probably, 512MB Viking cards are not designed for high Mega Pixel camera and taking many shots in a short period of time (i.e. 3 shots/sec.). My Canon A40 has no problems when used with the 512MB Viking card so far. Probably, I am going to buy a 512MB card from Sandisk or Simple Tech 
Don't even accept it as a freebie (as I did) unless you are prepared to pay $1.15 per sheet for color ink. That was my experience with the first color cartridge, which was fully consumed on a total of 20 sheets, 12 of which were heavy color, the others being mixed color and text or very light color. At $17.99 per color cartridge and $14.99 for black I calculate the outrageous, obscene $1.15 per sheet figure for ink. This is about six times greater than the average ink cost for my old HP720c, which unfortunately does not work with my new HP Pavilion PC (no printer port on this model, among other issues). I have vowed to not purchase any HP product in the future if I can possibly avoid it. I just ordered a Canon Pixima to replace this ink hog. On the positive side, the print quality is good, speed is excellent, and color fidelity is fair. The software installed without incident, and the machine is easy to operate, but the HP software is overbearing and constantly trying to sell you something--worse than daytime television 
I bought the Sony 128 MB Memory Stick (MSH-128) a few months ago, but I only used it once. When I was in my 20th picture, an error appeared in the screen of my Sony P100 camera: Error C:13:01, Memory Stick failed First, I went to Sony Service Center, but they didn't know what was happening. Then, I went to different Sony Stores, but the only answer they gave me was that my Memory Stick is failed, that it's impossible to fix or format it and, the worst, there is no way to save the pictures !!!! Finally, I tried to solved it by myself, and I "google" the C:13:01 error. If you do it, you will find hundreds of people with the same problem, looking for a solution. That's why I don't recommend this product. If all of us have the same problem, you can be the next 
This product keeps changing home addresses; none of which are the address I typed in the initial field. It does not stay charged so that it is actually able to function as advertised if you are gone from home any length of time and you put your dog in a yard. Additionally, gravity takes it down to the lower neck area in common use so that when the dog is doing normal dog things, the device sinks downward so that the antenna is pointing toward the ground. The pictures are misleading. We tried all of the advise the company gave us. It's just not a device that works when and where you need it to work. It was a lot to invest to have this many problems. 
If you understand this product's limits before you buy it, you'll be happy. It shows topographical contours, rivers and most streams for the entire United States. In addition to that, it shows roads that were in existance 10-20 years ago. These major roads are also named. The limit is that newer roads don't show up. It also doesn't support auto-routing, even if your GPS does. Garmin sells other products that are tailored for road navigation but you have to do some independant research or logical deduction to figure out that this package isn't suited for it. The product support could be better. Neither the manual nor web site tell you how to load all 3 CDs on your computer so you don't have to swap CDs when transitioning between zones. The company's web site doesn't give a good explanation of what the software can and can't do. You'll be disappointed if your expectations aren't grounded in reality. Garmin could help alleviate this problem by making this information readily available 
This is truly a no-brainer, excellent headphones at a great price, wonderful all around phones, would make a great gift also 
Finally. Next time I can't find my keys in the dark all I need to do is find this thingie and fumble it into my iPod's holes. What a lifesaver! And in the same box is the laser pointer so I don't have to stop listening to 50cent just because I'm doing some silly corporate presentation! While it is a little tough to dance and fry an airline pilot's eyes at the same time, it is the latest craze so I LOVE THIS PRODUCT! ;-) 
I liked these speakers they are small compact they work great with my Mp3 Player and you can't really beat the price. My only complaint is that they don't come with an adapter but I just bought rechargeable batteries and the system work great I use them everyda 
I had high expectations for this product, having bought some of Sandisk's other products. The problem with the e280 is that Sandisk doesn't give users the control or the versatility over file management. For example, using it in the (mass storage) MSC USB mode, one is forced to create playlists in Windows Media Player. This works, but one of the drawbacks is that playlist creations can be plagued with files that have errors or are skipped. It would be far better if one could just drag folders and music mp3 files to the right folder and play them, with multiple folder levels. This would allow catogorizing music the way the user wishes; instead, Sandisk adopts an almost Microsoft mentality in its approach. "It's our way or the highway." Once one masters creating playlists, they have to settle for dumping them all into one directory. It's too bad because reading the manual and reading the reviews, one can easily get the idea that the e200 series can be set up like just another USB storage device (including other, previous Sandisk products). Well, you can, but it won't make much difference if the device won't play. 
I was really happy with the mouse for all of 10 minutes. The scroll wheel is really "push happy" such that when I roll the wheel, the middle button registers a "click" very often. In order to prevent the inadvertant click, I have to roll the wheel with the lightest of light touches. It's significantly more senstive than my older logitech wheel, and was really really annoying to have the browser repeatedly register the middle button (which is unix is the default "paste" so I'd have pages and pages of text that I "selected" be pasted on to the browser or editor while what I really wanted was just to scroll the buffer!!! Too bad, the mouse was really high quality overall. 
Was a little hard putting it together. You have to be very careful taking the cds out or it would fall apart. I am not happy with this product 
You can't plug two of these in side-by-side, the plastic surrounding the business ends are too fat 
We received our DLP TV stand in record time. We had wanted to get it for a new tv that was being delivered that weekend. We ordered on I think a Tuesday and it was at our office on Friday. It was in excellent shape and we had no trouble putting it together. The tv fit perfectly! 
I purchased this unit not for gaming, but for making PC to PC calls. Here are my observations: Pros: 1. Sound quality of the microphone on the receiving end is reported by my friends and family as exceptionally clear. Certainly much better than what you'd get out of a webcam. 2. Chord is robust and long. Easily fits over my long desk to my CPU that rests beneath. 3. Controls are easy to use, although the mic on/off switch doesn't click into place like I'd expect it to. It just slides back and forth. I can see people accidentally turning it off. 4. Headphones produce good sound, although nothing extraordinary. 5. The mic itself freely rotates, so you can position it however you desire. Cons: 1. First and foremost, if you've got a small head DO NOT PURCHASE THIS!! My head is not big and these headphones ARE NOT ADJUSTABLE! These headphones are so large that they're actually uncomfortable. Their entire weight rests on my ears and I can't wear them for very long without my ears falling off. 2. These headphones are very heavy, uncomfortably so. I've resorted to holding them up to my head and listening through one speaker to take the weight off my ears. 3. Perhaps having the airspace between the speakers and the frame keeps your ears cooler, but it still feels like I'm wearing a set of insulated ear muffs. Chatting on hot summer days is limited to 10 minutes or less until I'm dying of heat exhaustion. 4. You need to get a Y splitter if you wish to have these headphones and your computer speakers on at the same time. If you don't have front headphone plugs on your case this is an issue. Otherwise you have to crawl under your desk and manually disconnect the headset from your motherboard jacks and plug in your speakers again. Y splitters are only a few dollars but it's an accessory you will have to purchase, especially since front speaker ports on most computers can't be hooked up at the same time as your rear motherboard jack (and most people have their main sound systems plugged in with the rear one). Granted, this is more of a general microphone/headset combo issue than anything Logitek related, but if this is your first microphone/headset purchase then you should be aware of this problem. I use onboard audio instead of a sound card, so I don't have multiple output jacks. 5. These headphones are designed to rest behind your neck, not over the top of your head. Unfortunately, the plastic beam is too heavy and pulls the speakers back, placing all the weight on your ears. The plastic beam is also too short (and just!) to go over the top of my head for a more comfortable fit. 6. The design also doesn't make sense. The beam is so short that it should rest behind your neck, yet the angle of the speakers through that air gap is better for wearing the beam over your head. It's pretty uncomfortable. If the headset was adjustable it would be fine! The earpieces are just too huge! Overall I'm disappointed with these. If you're under 5'10" I say go with another model. The hardware works great, but the design is terrible. I'm returning these and purchasing an uglier, but more functional, set of smaller headphones 
DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT. There, simple advice I wish someone had given me before I bought two of these. With the first one the battery died 13 months after purchase. Since it was 30 days outside the warrantly, apple support told me "sorry, tough luck." I made the mistake of buying another one figuring I just got a bad one and there was no way I could have the same problem again. WRONG! Second ipod just died (same battery problem) - this one died within the warranty period but becuase it took me two weeks to get into the ipod store to see what was wrong and, of course, by the time I got in I was past the 12 month warranty period (who keeps track of the purchase date? I sure didn't). Other than the fact that your substnatial investment will be worthless in about a year - it is a fantastic product. I'm just sorry that it didn't last (twice!) cause otherwise I'd be a fan 
This is the best sounding PC speaker system available. Absolutley stellar sound quality--for how long is a serious problem. I too own 2 of these systems. After eleven months of bliss my first amp also went out. I call Klipsch technical support, and they explain I can send it in but the amp is backordered for 4-6 weeks. So I buy another one from Amazon and thier retailer Beach Audio, Inc., not having 4-6 weeks to wait for bliss to return. So get this please, not $360 plus tax once, but twice, and add 2 occurances of overnight shipping at $125 per, for a total spend of $970 plus tax!!! Well blow me down but the replacement for amp #1 hasen't even showed up, and 6 working days of bliss later? You guessed it amp #2 fails. Klipsch, well they obviously picked quite a piece of crap for an amp. They stand behind the product though--I have another RMA to send to the fine people at the Klipsch return center. The retailer this site uses, Beach Audio Inc., offered me my money back, but would offer no replacement of any sort, and no refund for the $125 shipping charge. Nothing they wanted to do would help me get a working product. They refered me to Klipsch without mercy, or even lube. Now Klipsch makes some fine home audio (my Klipschhorns are 15 years old, have been rocked to death, and still sound awesome), and this ProMedia Ultra unit sounds fabulous--so I may do business with them again (perhaps not the PC Multimedia division), but I vow to never give another red cent to Amazon's retailer Beach Audio, Inc.. They were uncooperative, unsympathetic, curt, short, unprofessional, and ultimately completely useless when contacted about the failure. PLEASE LOOK ELSWHERE FOR YOUR NEXT PC MULTIMEDIA PURCHASE!!!!!!! THE KLIPSCH PROMEDIA DIVISION SHOULDN'T EVER BE CONSIDERED. 
I ordered the 2 gb card twice....Fast shipping and both worked perfectly 
After reading the detailed reports here for how to setup this Linksys gaming adapter unit, everything worked great for several days. I setup the fixed IPs, and all the rest of the settings through the web interface, all seemed well. Note: I'm a network engineer, so the dual-fixed-ip recommendation [one for each segment] is actually pretty normal in other network bridging appliances. I suspect the MS game adapter simply performs the DHCP handshake better than this unit and that is why it is so easy to setup. Then the weird stuff started. After having had this unit turned on for several days, I notice the connection would become slow and not quite as fast as when the Linksys is first turned on. Yet, the XBOX still shows the signal between 48 and 54 Mbps. Strange. I have reproduced this several times, booting the linksys device, then playing all kinds of games online for hours, running XBMC and playing media through the network perfectly. All is good for several hours, but come back the next day after leaving the Linksys on all day/night, turn on the XBOX, and the network connection is spotty again, but the link details show a full speed connection in the XBOX wireless interface details. A swift power cycle of the Linksys unit solves the problem immediately, but why should I need to do this? I suspect some NIC buffer is being filled on the Linksys and the power cycle clears out the unit's network buffers. If anyone has figured out what settings to use to keep this thing stable, I am ready to listen, maybe I should select a G-only network and set the speed at 54 or 48 fixed, maybe that will work? Anyway, I am getting tired of power cycling this thing every day. Good Luck, F. 
I loved my little Seagate 5.0GB drive, even after the first one crashed and burned. But the second time, I cannot forgive. I carried it everywhere in my pocket, and maybe that was part of the problem, but if it can't handle that then it is no good to me. Solid state memory, here I come 
No problems so far; does its job.(if you are setting up a wireless network, get windows XP. 1 click and you're set up. 
Bought this and plugged it in and backedup some files, went to transfer them to another computer and the drive was dead, I treid a few computers and no of them could regonize the drive. I guess I have one of the many "bad ones".. 
This is a good product - sounds great, gets good battery life, everything you'd hope for in an iPod dock. But it has one major flaw. The iPod docking port is really flimsy, and has no structural support aside from the actual electronics themselves. After a little bit of use, the connection between the iPod and the dock deteriorated to the point that the volume fluctuated up and down, and sometimes the sound cuts out all together. If they added some kind of simple support so that bumping the iPod wouldn't stress the electronics, I'd give this thing 5 stars. But without that, it simply breaks quickly, and no longer performs its only job - to sound good. 
Just got this camera in the mail as a birthday present. Installing the software was easy, but unfortunately the camera is essentially broken. It is only (somewhat) in-focus for items about 1 inch away. Adjusting the focus ring doesn't help, so this camera's build seems to be defective. My brother bought the same camera and it doesn't seem to have the same problem. Anyway, returning mine. 
Believe the opinions of most of the people who have made the mistake - like me - of buying this thing: It is pure junk! It has to be one of the worst hoaxes ever put over on consumers. It does not work, and you can forget getting any real help or service out of Griffin Technology 
I was devout in my belief that I could get similar photo output from my Canon S800 with less expensive paper. I bought those big boxes of 100 sheets of Kodak's photo quality glossy from Costco. My prints were blotchy. Then I got my hands on some of Canon's Photo Paper Pro, and my pictures were magically crystal clear. The difference is amazing. I never would've thought paper would make this much difference. I've since bought Canon's 15 sheet packs multiple times. I now use the Kodak stuff for drafts or to give prints to people who don't care much about the quality of the output, while I save the Canon Photo Paper Pro for prints we want to frame 
I purchased the Notebook Cooler approximately one month ago, after reading online testimonials of laptops becoming damaged from overheating. Thankfully, the same time I read that, Circuit City was having a sale on this item for only $15, after mail-in rebate. Fast forward one month and my opinion of the Cooler so far: not bad... My laptop is noticeably cooler to the touch now, and the internal fan rarely comes on. The Notebook Cooler itself is smartly designed, with an aluminum topping and two fans that draw away heat. I'll admit, the USB connector cable is a bit flimsy, and I can see why some folks have complained. For those users who travel frequently (or anyone who foresees plugging and unplugging the cable often), you may want to exercise extra caution. The blue LED light that some reviewer claims is too "strong" is a minor quibble--if you really wanted to, you could always tape over the light and problem solved. As for the fan noise, I would say the low setting is comparable to "white noise," which you don't really notice until you purposely try to listen for it! The high setting, on the other hand, is a bit loud, and I can see people having to turn up the volume on their speakers or TV to compensate. Usually, though, I only use the high setting when it's really hot in the room, or if I'm running intensive programs like Photoshop or some video game. Overall, I'd say I'm very satisfied with this product. (Though, I am somewhat disappointed that Antec needs 3 months to process my $15 rebate check.) 
I was using this power cord in conjunction w/ the belkin fm transmitter during a recent 4 hour car ride. when I unplugged the ipod, it was incredibly hot, and now it does not work (I get the folder w/ the exclamation point on the display). I tried to restore the ipod, but it is toast 
I've had this product for well over a year now and was using it with my XP machine and am now using it with my Apple Mac Mini. Works great with both Windows and Mac OS X, with no hassles. The removable stand is a nice touch, as you can pack the reader into a laptop bag or lay it horizontally if you prefer. Highly recommended 
This was the largest set that would fit into my space. I also looked at the Westinghouse 37 inch HD moniter at Best Buy. The first time, I looked at the Westinghouse the picture looked a bit fuzzy. Then I read the review on CNET which said the Westinghouse picture was actually better than the Sharp. I went back to Best Buy and asked the sales person if the picture on the Westinghouse could be improved. He said it was as it good as it could be. He than said the Sharp was twice the price of the Westinghouse, so I should expect a better picture on the Sharp.In any event, I purchased the Sharp on Amazon during the recent Electronic Express Sale. On HD, the picture is amazing. It's also quite good on regular TV. My only regret is that Toshiba has just come out with a 37inch LCD with a DVD built in. If I had known, I would have waited to check out that model 
I bought mine about a week ago and I haven't had any problems with it. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because it's a little hard to plug in take out. But other then that I'm 100% pleased with it. It's not CD quality but it's very close. Good buy 
Works with Ipod skin,no need to take off cover.Looks good.Has connections for Audio,TV. Cables and remote are additional. Included are 5 adapters for all Ipods that have doc connector. Paid 29.95 from Amazon including shipping.It is what it is.It's a dock 
While certain labels with this software are much more easier to work with such as the CDs and the general labels, I found this product much less than satisfactory. The inserts and the software don't align too well and are a few centimeters off...especially on the lower half of the page. If one wants to keep the insert regardless of whether or not the "cut offs" are present it would be best if the paper was inserted within the opposite position in the paper tray in the printer so one can cut to the size needed. Otherwise, I would suggest what another Amazon customer has done. Use cardstock paper....at least for the back inserts. And trim with either a scissors or paper cutter. A product should do what it promises it will do. Unfortunately, this one does not. At least, within my experiance this does not measure up to what was previewed within the Memorex beginner's package w/ CD label stamper. Two stars for at least being able to print the front side. Although it would have been nice if they had said so without stating they could do both when they cannot 
It is a pleasure to use this DVD player. The quality of the image is superb. It upgrades definition on DVDs and the difference is very (favorably) noticed. As compared to that obtaibed from a less than a year old Sony player (with HDMI), the difference in image quality absolutely huge. Yes, it is more expensive. But the extra quality is worth every penny; and then more 
While the product description states this battery is "Compatible with Motorola T5320, T5400, T5420, T5600, T5620, T5700, T5720, T5800, and T5820 2-way radios" the 53615 is compatible with many more. To bad Amazon couldn't put this online for us. From the packaging: T4800 Series T4900 Series T5000 T5320 T5400 Series T5500 Series T5600 Series T5700 Series T5800 Series T5900 Series T6500 Series FV500 Series 
I am ordering my third of this capacity and have one in the 200 capacity range from Case Logic. This is a great product and is manufactured well. Holds the discs well and is easy to take them in and out. I don't transport them so I can't comment on that. Like others have said it is not easy if you want to move pages around but you can do it and it does make it nice for organizing as you fill it up. Get this if you need a lot of storage 
I bought this for my Tivo, hooked it up the day it arrived and haven't touched it since. Great value 
My company supplies these cordless headsets to its employees so I have alot of experience using headsets. This is the latest upgrade and it is the worst unit I have ever used. It works great for about 3 or 4 months on average. After that, the voice unit stops working. I can hear others speaking to me but no one can hear me. I have gone through 4 of these units in 13 months and the longest lived unit lasted 5 months. One broke after 2 months. Other colleagues have complained about the same thing happening with their units. After the experiences I have had with this piece of junk, I would never buy anything from Plantronics with my own money. Avoid this rubbish 
The antenna works well and obtains more satellites than the GPS units internal antenna. This easily solved the issue of poor reception when the GPS is inside of a car; however, the best accuracy I am able to obtain is 13 feet with this external antenna vs. the 9 feet using the GPS's internal antenna when in an open area. Garmin's external antenna connector plug does not attach very firmly and can disconnect easily when the units are moved around (on my GPS). I feel the antenna was worth purchasing 
The first few times it worked great, after that i haven't been able to use it, for some reason incoming audio is good but the mic does not work, i have to use my computer's which is anoying so i stopped using altogether. Waste of money 
I've owned many Sony electronics in the past and have always liked their styling and functionality -- lots of hardy Walkmen, useful shortwave and portable radios, stylish TVs and high quality cassette recorders. I still have a Sony mini component stereo model FH-E656 (made in Japan) which I bought in 1992 for US$400+; but rather than pay to fix its worn-out CD player, I decided to purchase this new Sony MHCEC70 component stereo (made in China). PLUSES: decent sound good functionality easy set-up and intuitive operation simple remote -- but only covers basic functions CONS: very short speaker leads unattractive styling (for my tastes) -- resembles a boombox only holds 3 CDs vs 5 for comparable Panasonic units At first glance, I was disappointed by the cheap construction, skimpy manual and very short speaker leads -- the manufacturer seemed to be counting pennies. But then I thought: in 2006 for $150, I can't expect the same quality as I received in 1992 for $400. Everything is made more cheaply now and almost all in China. So, for the money, it suits my purposes as a nice sounding stereo unit for the bedroom. The real test will be how long the CD changer works -- to be safe, this time I bought the 2 year replacement warranty. I haven't blasted it at full volume, but it seems to have plenty of power when needed. I originally bought a $300 Panasonic unit (SC-PM71SD MP3 SD Micro System) which was returned because it didn't have the full data recording feature as advertised (data recording was crippled by DRM limitations). This Sony stereo costs half as much, and has almost all the same functionality 
The idea is excellent, the execution is flawed. What is not made clear at the time of purchase is that you will need a bridge or gaming adapter as well as a high speed internet connection at home. The adapter should be built into the box. Another disappointing factor is that the quality of the video is almost unwatchable if the connection is not robust. There should be a cache memory built in so that a clear, unchoppy video and sound come through. 
Hi I brought 256 MB Kingston SD card from Amazon.com recently. According to my openion Amazon is one of the best online shopping market, they deliver the products intime and the items i brought so far are working very well. 256 MB Kingston SD card working very good with out giving any problem. One can always go to Amazon for online shopping. bye kira 
This model was intended as a replacement for my not-very-old and yet quite functional Panasonic PM-series stereo. This is the kind of thing that happens when you browse Amazon while drunk late at night. Unfortunately, with the exception of a very slight advantage in audio quality, the Sony is in all respects inferior; ergonomics, appearance, and above all, FM reception, which is laughably poor. Do not buy this stereo if you expect a quality receiver. Hiss abounds, several local stations I heard previously are now unreachable, and to top it off, Sony has stuck with their time-honored habit of using proprietary connectors, so when I went to plug in an after-market antenna to get better reception, I found a weird little plug that I hadn't noticed when I put the damned thing together. Grrr. So now I'm going to sell this thing and buy a nice new Panasonic with the proceeds. Death to Sony 
Could not have been easier to install - literally just put the included CD in the drive, and plug the device into your USB 2.0 port. Installed and self-configured in minutes. Very small, light, no additional power cords to worry about, no additional software (beyond the automatically installed drivers) to install - quick and easy. Only issue I found is that the antenna is permanent, so you could never swap for replacement/better antenna like you can on some other wireless NICs 
I stretched them till they fit comfortably on my wide head. They sound great to my ear and I use them alot 
The JBL Speakers worked fine for 3 weeks and all of a sudden, they quit. In the future, I will buy this type of merchandise locally so that I have some recourse 
The TomTom Navigator is a nice enough device, until you get to the Maps activation. The Maps activation? Why should I have to activate my maps if I have paid for the product? Good question, well, I activated these maps on one PDA, and within 2 weeks my PDA died and I had to obtain warranty service. Well, I decided that I would upgrade to a new device and then sell my old device when I got it back from the manufacturers (I tend to switch my PDA every 3-4 months anyway). So I installed the maps on the new device and it asked me to activate. OK, I figure...no problem, I will be able to activate it 1...2...3 because after all, only I have the activation card/code. No such luck, TomTom wants PROOF that I have brought a new device? what kind of nonsense is that? What if I lost my PDA in 2-3 months? What if I'm a nut who likes to change PDA's every 3-4 months? What, you mean I have to show you proof that I switched? Isn't the fact that I have the activation card proof enough? I don't know too many people who pay $269 for a product and let other people use the activation codes. Avoid them at all costs. You will regret your purchase if you change devices frequently. One other problem with this product...out of the box it is not 100% compatible with Windows Mobile 5 devices (most of the new Axims are WM5. You really have to break your back to install on these devices. Avoid 
I bought the ADS upconverter because I bought a HDTV only to find out that my cable co. didn't offer HDTV and after 3 failed attempts to switch to a satellite provider that did offer HDTV (too many trees around my house). I wasn't expecting the upconverter to magically turn my standard signals into an amazing HDTV picture, but for $550+ I was expecting the upconverter to do something that was actually noticable. When I first turned in on I asked my wife to look at the picture and tell me what she thought. She looked at the TV and said okay I'm ready turn it on. I said it IS ON!! This is pretty much the reaction I had also when I looked at it. The image I got for my digital cable was certianly different, but that's all it was, different. It was NOT noticably better. In fact, in some instances I though the picture was worse. I called ADS tech support and they kept insisting I try it with my DVD because that is what the product is best for (even though that's not what I got it for). So I did and to be honest I really preferred the picture I got directly from my DVD over the picture I got after running it thru the upconverter. It didn't matter what display format I put it in it just didn't do anything to improve the picture. Save your money. If you can't get HDTV don't expect this box to give you anything close to the next best thing 
Myself and my grandchildren love to hold these adorable pets, their fun. lifelike and surprisingly sturdy. Get one! 
I have had no problems with my Mini Cruzer USB flash drive. It has been recognized without exception by multiple computers and has performed flawlessly 
I bought this to scare away the opossums that come into my back porch at night. I used a 3 prong adapter with this to plug in a lamp and a radio. When they pass it, suddenly music and a light goes on and they scoot away fast. It is great to use if you want a lamp turned on when you walk in front of it, or anything else you want to use it for 
My experince shows that it is always better to use paper from the same brand as your printer. Then the result is really outstanding print after print. The paper is really top quality and regardless of your needs it will satisfy them. Bravo Canon for this first class product 
I upgraded from some speakers I purchased when I built my system. The sound difference was wonderful. It is a clean crisp fresh sound. Worth every penny 
I was really excited for these affordable speakers after reading the rave reviews, however, I have been extremely disappointed in them. I may have had too high of expectations, but these things put out NO bass whatsoever (it just sounds muffled and cruddy), and the overall sound is extremely poor. I'm really surprised as I've owned JBL speakers in my car that I was extremely pleased with, so I'm amazed at the lacking quality in these. I would recommend either finding another similarly priced set with good reviews or paying a little extra and getting something with a sub included 
To anyone who may like these, I am sorry to learn about your hearing disability. The T33 looked like a nice little package, but I thought, "How could it possibly sound even acceptable?" I hoped for a Sony surprise, but it didn't happen. When I returned them later that day, the clerk asked, "Is there anything wrong with them?" I said, "Yeah, they suck". She smiled and handed me a refund. 
Connects to your Microsoft Pocket PC and will not work with a Palm. If you mistakenly order, AMAZON.COM will not refund your shipping. Have a nice day 
Alright before I begin let me just say I know quite a bit about wireless networking. I had already connected 2 wireless pc's to my 128 bit WEP encrypted router. I had initially set it up as WPA but opted to change it as this hunk of junk doesn't support WPA. This card will detect your network no problem, just try connecting to it. Apparently I am typing in the wrong WEP pass.... I can assure you I am not. Perhaps there is an issue between Micro$oft and D-link I am unaware of...go figure. I do not have the time nor patience to deal with Micro$oft's customer support regarding this issue. Back to the store this goes. Do yourself a favour and do not buy this 
I have bought and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective, and finally I just gave up on returning the system. The DVD player constantly gives "Bad Disc" errors and skips if there is even the slightest smudge on a disc. The sound quality is very nice for the price, but since the player doesn't work, it's essentially useless. This is a complete rip-off at any price point 
The keyboard and mouse work fine, except for some completely absurd reason, Logitech decided to remove the INSERT and ESCAPE keys from the regular keyboard and make them little buttons on the top of the keyboard instead. Look at the picture and you will see what I mean -- the DELETE key is double-size and takes up the space where the insert key would be; INSERT is moved above the home key and is a little recessed round button. ESCAPE is in the usual place, but it too is a little button instead of a legitimate key. Very annoying. Definately returning it 
I'm a Creative fan so these are the first Logitech speakers I ever bought and I was pleasantly surprised. I was looking for a set of speakers for my laptop but since the portable models are more expensive (and probably will not sound as good since being portable means no sub-woofer) I decided for this not-as-portable model. Well, these are perfect to keep on your desktop (though the ideal placement of any sub-woofer is on the floor close to a corner), as it has a small sized sub-woofer all controls in one the speakers. These speakers sound really nice, slightly superior sound to Creative's corresponding model (SBS 350) but with less output power (Creative's SBS 350 sub-woofer is larger and more powerful) Pros: - Headphone jack and POWER button in the left speaker - No "wired remote" (which adds more clutter to your desktop) - Nice design for the price - Even cheaper than Creative's SBS 350 Cons: - Small sub-woofer - No "wired remote" which means you have to keep one of the speakers close. - No bass control (which usually means too much bass if your audio source has no equalization control 
You don't have to spend a fortune on expensive cables when you are dealing with digital signals. Keep in mind that all digital interfaces have error correction built into them. Did you know the internal components of consumer electronics are connected with tin and nickel? There's no gold inside! So there's no need for oxygen-free, gold tipped, multi sheilded, super mega supreme cables. If you don't believe me, buy this cable and a no-name cheapie. Compare them for yourself -- you will see no difference. With analog signals, a good quality cable may make a difference (although the difference is usually only visible on an oscilloscope). 
Product was as described...reception was strong and weak depending on your location...was able to receive all frequencies..rated this a 4 instead of a 5 only because when the wind blew the reception would get fuzzy...could get annoying on a very windy day..radio is bulky and heavy.. 
This camera had some nice features like the ability to write to a network storage device, smart motion detection, etc. The recorded videos have their own codec so you can use it or d-vix. Some videos are unreadable and if you dig deep enough, d-link has a utility to make them readable. I upgraded the latest firmware 1.06, tried using the ability to write to a storage device and found it very hard to manage. Motion triggering is touchy but works once you set it up. The wireless caused 90% of my communication problems. Ran a wire and things were fine. Clock could not keep time for anything. Set USA EDT and it was fine and shortly after it feel back one hour. D-Link knows of this and the only solution was to use Atlantic time. It has all the right features and image is great but I have to vote thumbs down on this unit. One more thing, D-Link hard codes an IP address so if you try and factory reset remotely or of you happen to be using a different network addressing scheme, you're done. Why for the life of me they don't use DHCP by default is beyond me 
Received it pretty quick, but it was SDSDQU-1024-E10M. There isn't any difference just it comes from Europe instead of the U.S. That was pretty odd but otherwise it works 
With boys aged 2 3, and some poor disc storage procedures when I'm driving, it appeared I was in need of one of these units. Generally my toddler boys are not permitted to handle discs, but it occassionally happens, and doesn't take long for scratches, damage and finger prints to hinder performance, and when changing children's cds in the car I don't always store the disc properly and that leads to damage also. I read through a lot of reviews on this item and the skipdoctor products, and finally decided on this unit because it runs on a/c power, is fully contained and automatic, and was about $10 less expensive than the most equivalent skipdoctor unit. Both items had mixed reviews - mostly positive, but I found that most people who tried to make the units work and put in some time and effort were satisfied with both products. I'm very satisfied with my purchase it has repaired two discs that could not be played at all, and one that skipped. This product repairs a disc to "useable" condition, it does not repair it so that scratches are not visible. I can still see, but not necessarily feel the scratches. It's also important to remember that some scratches do not affect performance. If a disc plays well, but shows scratches - I just clean off the finger prints with a cloth or use the unit to clean the disc and see if the performance is satisfactory before attempting a full repair. I agree that the instructions with the unit could be better. I saved the instructions provided by another reviewer to use with the provided instructions for clarity. Also, some severely scratched and damaged discs do take many passes to repair, so I agree it is time consuming to acheive a full repair for some items - but it is possible. I noticed that I could cut down some of the repair time and solution usage by repeating the buffing/sanding (pink disc) process several times in a row for deeper scratches before using the repair. I ran one disc through 3 times in a row, then used the repair cream solution with yellow pads and it played fine. My lesser damaged disc only required one pass with the buffer and one with the repair until it worked great. I usually clean the disc (manually with the cloth or with the machine depending on severity of grime), then buff, then repair. It can be time consuming to repair a disc to functioning, but it does save the disc and my discs play like new despite the scratches that are still visable. I think this was good purchase and not overly complicated to use. 
Like other fm transmitters I have tried, this one leaves much to be desired. Living in a major urban area, I was unable to find any fm channel that did not produce significant static and generally poor sound quality. Product is easy to use, but I consider the sound quality unacceptable. 
I really likethe design on this Protector, and bought 3. It allows you to plug multiple transformers in, and still have room for regular plugs. Slipping plus in is a firm push, but not that tough. I also like the fact that it gives you a warning light if you get up around 12 amps.. Cool, but you have to keep in mind a 15 amp circuit shoulldn't have 12 amps to one plug.. The cord restraint system slides out to hold all the cords, then wedges backin to hold them in place. A bit hard to set up, and a zip tie could achieve the same thing, altough this is way easier if you change things 
This is the Ultimate Ears Super fi model especially designed for "bassheads," featuring a disproportionately large bass driver complemented by a more conventional driver for the middle and high frequencies. I don't think UE would ever claim that what results is a balanced sound signature. Yes, the mids and highs are present and the quality is clean and reasonably detailed, but these frequencies are definitely recessed and with some kinds of music this can result in an unnatural kind of reproduction. On the bright side, however, the bass reproduction is marvelous. Not only is the quantity/extent of the bass frequencies as powerful as any headphones or earphones I've ever used, the quality is excellent. The bass is tight and pleasant, neither boomy nor thumpy. This overbalance toward bass frequencies renders the UE 5 EB's ideal for use when listening to music in which the bass is presented "front and center," including techno bass (aka "car audio bass"), drum n' bass, and many types of rap/hip-hop. For music in which the basslines are prominent but comprise part of a more balanced presentation overall, opinions will vary. With rock music, for example, the strong bass is certainly a plus, but I have found that sometimes the bass overpowers the middle frequencies too strongly, and some detail is lost. It should be noted that this bass-dominated sound signature renders the EB's a good choice for people who own iPods and feel that their music player is weak on bass. Without any EQ adjustment, the iPod suddenly is transformed into a player where the bass is PRESENT. In terms of build, the EB's superficially seem well-constructed and designed. I have heard complaints, however, that the thinness of the wires and earpieces render them vulnerable to breakage. Be careful out there! Thoughtfully, EB has includes a variety of ear tips with these IEM's (including foam, flanged, and plain) so that users with different sized ear canals can get a good fit. The EB's don't extend deeply into the ear canal, which is a mixed blessing. On the one hand, this means that if you get a good fit of the earpiece into the entrance to the ear canal, comfort is good and isolation decent. However, if the fit is not quite right both comfort and isolation will prove frustrating. Making the right choice of ear tip is absolutely essential when using the EB's. Oh, and some people think that the EB's look kind of strange when worn. Larger than the higher-priced Super fi 5 Pro model, the EB's stick out a bit. Your call as to whether this is a problem. Like all of the UE IEM's in this series, the EB's are packaged with a nice set of accessories, including a 1/4" adapter plug, a sound attenuator, a soft travel case, an earwax loop, and a silvery metal storage case which includes a winder that helps head off what is always a problem with IEM's, cord tangling. It's unlikely that the EB's will prove satisfactory as your "everyday" earphone unless you listen solely to bass-dominant types of music. The truth is, however, that even for bass-heavy music the overall sound signature of the Super fi 5 Pros is likely to be more satisfactory for most users (I own both). But as a second pair specifically for use with bass-y music, the EB's are well-designed and definitely fun 
1. There was a consistent buzzing on the phone even when I tried multiple jacks for the base. 2. Phone features worked as advertised. but the Voice Enhancer is useless and actually makes it sound worse. 3. It was kind of a pain to sync the phone books which are separate on each handset. I returned it mainly because of the buzzing 
I have 2 10 year old natural keyboards with the old keyboard layout and when I saw this new keyboard with the same layout I bought one. Sadly, this keyboard is painful to use. The keys - especially the space bar - require far more force to use that my previous keyboard. I am a software engineer and used to typing but this keyboard has slowed my typing rate and wears me out after 20 minutes. On the shelf it goes for emergencies as I'll continue to maintain my old keyboard 
I bought this to run ethernet into my daughter's room. The powerline etherernet works flawlessly, I've had it up and running for six months without restart or problem into three other rooms. The wireless module however tends to overheat and drops the network after 24-48 hours of operation, so she has to unplug it every time she is done with the network, and plugs it back in whenever she wants to connect. I am going to upgrade her to another wired powerline ethernet module 
I use this with an iMac. It does not come with drivers for Mac OS X, nor does D-Link offer any help. They refuse to admit it will work with Macs. I was pointed toward a driver made available at [...]. I remember having trouble getting it to work, but once it was working it has worked well and consistently. The iMac connects to an AEBS a couple rooms away through the D-Link 
Nice sound, I will admitt for the price, I get big sound, with quality. Only thing is a humming, hissing sound when machine is idle. Ohtherwise, worth it. 
This card has been working great for me so far after over a month of heavy use. 512 MB is more than enough space for anyone with a 5 MB or less camera, assuming you transfer photos off your camera fairly regularly and are not shooting hundreds of photos at a time. With the 1200x1600p setting I use on my camera most often, this card holds over 400 photos, and it will hold even more for those using a more email-friendly setting. Do the math to figure out if 512 is the number for you, but I've had no problems with SanDisk products 
I had bought one of these five years ago when I was in the States and am still happily using it at home. Unbelievably durable for a mouse pad heavily used for hours everyday for five full years. Fed up with giveaway mouse pads sliding with my hand movements, I was searching for something decent to use in the office and amazingly found the exact same item. It is a good example that how little things make a big difference 
It is not as good as recommended. The image is really unclear when the light is not strong, and it's totally white under strong light. The contrast is low. It's not a good product, useles 
I purchased this to use with my newly acquired Slingbox Pro. All I had to do was plug these into wall outlets and connect the Lan wires. Worked like a charm...couldn't believe it was that easy. Great performance and good price from Amazon 
I bought this for my kids computer when I bought a new one for hubby and myself... these speakers sound better then the more expensive ones I have.... I highly recommend these speaker 
I bought this card more then a year ago. Overall I'm not impressed, and wouldn't buy it again. First of all, in ~30% of cases it crashes my Tungsten E. Secondly, the games are not that much fun. SimCity is EXTREMELY limited and not enjoyable to play at all. Honestly, I have more fun playing games I've downloaded for free. Final annoyance - the card is slimmer then a regular SD so it slides off easily from the slots of the hardcase making it easy to lose 
Despite the slick marketing effort (i.e. "With SRX"), this product falls short. The installation disk is useless. Customer support was good, when I could get through - which was not very often. I constantly lost the wireless connection. I constantly had to re-boot. Despite significant effort (utilizing the online help features) I could never obtain a secure, encrypted connection. No more Linksys for me! 
What can I say, it's a rubber case that stretches over my Ipod. There's little room for malfunction. White would've looked better but isn't available through Amazon or its merchants without paying more than the product cost for shipping. It has little hard clear plastic windows over the screen and dial, the dial covering pops open. so far (several weeks now) they work fine without scratching 
I don't like it because it is always saying "low power" and I do every thing it said to trouble shoot the problem with out and luck fixing the problem 
The things I like most: 1. My recorded greetings (two greetings allowed) and my caller's messages are clear and clean. 2. The unit's appearance and styling is sleek and modern. The controls layout is good with everything in view and accessible on the top. My last machine had some of its controls on the sides causing me to have to pick it up and turn it around and around looking for a particular control. This machine is better in that respect. 3. Learning to use it is a very easy and intuitive process especially if you have used other machines. The included instructions clearly explain how to use its less obvious features. Things I didn't like: Nothing, really. But some minor annoyances include: 1. The electronic accent of the generated voice of the machine was a little hard to understand at first. But I quickly "learned" its accent. Your callers will never hear it after you record your own greeting which will be clear and sound like you. Otherwise, your callers will hear a default message in the machine's voice. 2. I installed the 9 volt battery first and the unit would not turn on when plugged into AC. Removing the battery, then plugging in the AC, then installing the 9 volt battery allowed it to power up and work normally. The battery installation instructions and general installation instructions did not indicate any particular installation sequence requirements regarding the battery 
I bought this recorder to use as backup for real-time event video recording. I have also used it concert settings. The record quality is astounding, full range of dynamics, using both the stereo mini-plug input and the 1/4" inputs. It is mostly being used now to plug into sound boards to record long event audio. First thing I did was to upgrade to a 4GB Compactflash card. The provided card is too limited. Battery life is adequate for hour plus recordings, and connection and downloading to PC is a breeze. The WAV files are really high quality. It all works as advertised. The only minor glitch I have had, is that when you first try to start a recording, it gives a "media full" message, even tho the media is empty. Then you select record again and it records just fine. I went several iterations with Tech Support, who were very friendly and helpful, but the problem has not been resolved. I also suspect the 3rd part flash card may be contributing to this glitch. I would buy this recorder again 
This little unit is easy to use and ready to go!!!! Not one problem with it so far, I've been using it for over two months now 
We ordered this radio to have on hand in case of emergency. After an hour of cranking to start the power, the crank came off. Got it back on, cranked more, came off again. Small heartattack later from all the fruitless cranking, we sent it back the next day. Looking for another option for an emergency radio, haven't found one yet. 
I used the Tripp lite to charge my PowerBook and digital camera during a cross country trip to grad school. It worked great and I had no problems. The only thing I could have used was a second outlet 
This splitter was set-up as part of a configuration that splits one line from the street into three and then into sixteen ports and a line to the cable modem for a fraternity house. I used this brand of splitters and a moterola amplifier all the way through, and the results were amazing. The picture quality is crystal clear, even when almost all of the ports are in use, and the internet is blazing fast. Compared to the set-up we used to have, with some cheap splitters and a radio shack amplifier, these pieces are WELL WORTH THE SMALL EXTRA COST 
I like this style of headphone radio (especially when I jog), and haven't found any similar models that I like. This is my third purchase of this radio. Each of the three have had problems. First died completely (although it was used a lot). Second still works, but last number doesn't show up on digital display. I wanted a backup in case second died, so I ordered another one. This third works least well of all. At times, entire display is off, radio doesn't work at all, or it won't change channels. Then other times it worked. Seems like might be affected by heat outside. However, I know have another persistent problem. That being, it won't let me program the preset stations. Again, I'm limited in my choices, and I use this type headphone a lot. So I suffer through poor quality 
Item was advertised as white, but it was really grey. As a result we had to return item and assume the cost of mailing it back 
Paid $34 at Best Buy for a cable that DOESN'T EVEN WORK. Have always been skeptical of Monster Cable price points, don't buy them, took a chance. As a matter of principle, this product sucks. (For $34, I'm waiving the "bad apple in every bunch..." rebuttal 
The convenience of this product is terrific. Whenever I show people how it snaps in half, they're amazed at the ingeniousness of it and they say how they want to get one. Now that all computers have USB ports, I can put my photos into any computer anytime I want without worrying about the docking station. A must-have product for every digital camera!! 
A little bouncy while running, but a convenient product. Fits perfectly around all of my MP3 players (large and small) 
I bought these headphones a week ago and I am very pleased with them. At the electronic store, I listen to 3 pairs of Sennheiser (HD-433 ; HD-437 and HD-457). I hesitated between the 437 and the 457 but went for the 457 (10 more buck$). At the store the sound was OK as they were playing from the Sennheiser display rack. When I got home, I plugged these in my computer soundcard jack and the sound was a whole lot better. I am very impressed of the volume and sound quality I can get from them on my computer. My soundcard is an onboard Soundmax AC97 on an Asus K8V-X motherboard. I set the sound option in Windows XP on "headphones" and played "Metallica- Nothing else matters" with WinAmp. WOW !!! I was really impressed with the bass response and sound clarity in general. I only use half of the volume available in Windows XP and it`s more than enough for me. I do agree with some other reviews that the bass could be more precise but I found out that it varies a lot depending of the sound source you`re using. The sound is better on my computer than on my Harman Kardon amplifier and is a lot better on my MP3 player than with the earbuds that came with it. Overall, I would say that these headphones are very good for the inexpensive price. They blow away all the competition in the same price range. Compared to my old Panasonic, it`s a drastic improvement especially for the bass response. When it comes to music, I love bass a lot but I would recommand to others that you would listen to them from a source that you could adjust the bass level (bass knob or equalizer), so that way you won`t get too much bass from them. Very good headphones ... Go get a pair ... at this price you can`t go wrong. I highly recommand them for computer users (music, DVD movies and games) 
This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub. The cord is about 2.5 feet long - long enough to reach from my pc, which sits on the ground, to the top of the desk. It has a cable which is split into two USB plugs - one just to transmit data, the second to power the unit. The second plug does not need to be used unless you plan on using some heavy-duty hardware, and if so what are you buying a hub called the ultra mini for anyways? If you insist on trying to run a blow dryer off the thing, then it does have an input for a separate power source, which you will have to buy separately. In short, If you have an old school machine with USB ports which are inaccessible /inconvenient to use, this little hub will give you quick access while taking up minimal space on your desk 
This is my first GPS and I wanted a unit that could be used in a variety of environments such as biking, hiking, kayaking, and in the car to. I found this unit to be easy to use with a large display and convenient controls. Also the 2 times I called Garmin with questions I was able to talk to someone who is in the USA as opposed to a person in a foreign country which can be frustrating to some. On the down side to get the most out of this unit you still need to buy additional mapping software 
The Bel RX65 worked great, for about 1 month. After that, it started flashing "SelfCal" and "Service Requiered" on the screen. Sent it in to Bel for them to fix the problem. After about 10 days I got the product back, only to have it repeat exactly the same problems again within 2 days of having it. I feel like I've been ripped off, because they either didn't even look at it or they don't know how to test something for a problem. I spent $300 for a detector that doesn't work as well as a $40 one (and I know, I've had both)! I would say I recommend Escort, but I've since learned that they are owned by the same company as Bel. Valentine 1 is too costly, so I guess that doesn't really leave many good detectors on the market 
The Memorex U3 TravelDrive is simply a piece of crap. I bought it for easy data transfer when on travel, but it seldom works in any computer. The logo comes up when I plug it in and it simply hangs there. It's utterly worthless 
you can never go wrong with this paper. I always buy it here, the price in stores is outrageous 
I've had these headphones for just over two years, and I'm happy to see that they're one of the few pairs marketed as "surround sound" that have done quite well. The reason behind that is because they're truly excellent headphones. The range is spectacular and the inputs even more so. You're given the option of RCA and Toslink (optical), which is all you really need. Movies really do sound like movies...you hear things behind, in front, and to your left and right when you're connected via optical. Take note that DTS also sounds 'boomier' and a tad crisper than Dolby D does, especially in Gladiator. Honestly, I've nothing to complain about. As a college guy, I couldn't bring my 1010 watt system from home. Which, I might add, never sounded as good as my headphones, mostly because headphones will always have the advantage of being closer to you physically. Listening to music at extremely high bit rates and using the optical connection from my Macbook Pro truly does some incredible things. You'd be amazed at Coldplay's "The Scientist" if you heard it on these headphones. It's indescribable. And by the way, I'm a slight audiophile. You seriously can't go wrong with these headphones. And $65 for each additional pair of headphones, allowing you to add as many as you want to one base station? Even better...good idea for families in apartments. Incredibly advanced technology, incredible sound, and incredible results. Can't go wrong here. Oh, and they're extremely comfy 
I've used this card for a while now and i'd say that i like it overall. the power usage is great. the drivers have been vastly improved and now you are able to scan for networks. Those of you who are interested in wardriving should look elsewhere. If you want to use netstumbler or pocketwarrior in windows or kismet and airsnort in linux, either go for the linksys wcf12 (prism based) or lucent orinoco based pcmcia card. if you're looking to run just 802.11b and check email, stream music, browse the web, etc, this card will be perfect plus it'll save you some battery power 
Before i bought this product, i was contemplating which brand name hard drive i should go with. I was told Seagate was top of the line. It truly is. No problems at all, easy to setup and use, and a fair price. I highly recommend Seagate over any other brand name (I've heard problems with other brands) 
After only having the cable for a week under very light usage, the cable stopped working intermittently. It makes crackling noises when the cable is moved. I am not talking about whipping or quick movement, just gentle movement of the cable causes crackling and loss of signal. I was about to scrap the cable altogether but I decided to resolder the connector to see if that would help. I cut off about half a foot of the cable and resoldered it, only to find that the same problem persisted. I got a bad cable, obviously.. 
I have always been very pleased with the SanDisk products. I would highly recommend them 
All I wanted was something to make the incoming audio louder while listening to a call and typing during an interview. I couldn't find just a headset amp so I purchased this "system" based on Plantronics' good name. Instead of just plugging it into the wall phone jack, you have to use a regular phone, route the receiver/handset cord to this, then back out to the receiver/handset again, which makes this light unit basically hamstrung between the headset and handset and doesn't want to sit on the desk without taping it down. Then you have to take the receiver/handset off the hook, place it on the desk (assuming you have desk space, which I don't) then push a button to start up the headset. Most importantly, listening sound quality was muffled and not very loud. If I turned up the incoming sound volume, it immediately put a loud annoying squeal of feedback into the microphone, making it totally unusable. I went back to my regular, unampflied Plantronics headset which just plugs into the wall phone and is always on with no extra cords, ac adapter, or buttons to push. I'm not very thrilled with that, but for $15 it sounds MUCH better and much louder, without the feedback or the hassles. So for now I guess I'll stick with that until I find something else that just improves the incoming sound 
I love my Shure E3C earphones and up until recently was pretty happy with the foam sleeves. However, I was constantly having to reset them in my ears when engaged in strenuous activities. The first time I tried these triple flange sleeves I thought I had wasted my money. Later I pulled my ear up and they slid in a lot further... and suddenly I was in heaven. I get the full sound that I love so much complete with throbbing bass line AND the things stay in my ears until I pop them out!! These are the perfect complement to a wonderful headset : 
MY HUSBAND I SEARCHED SEARCHED FOR DVD'S THAT WERE COMPATABLE TO OUR DVD RECORDED. NO ONE COULD HELP. THEN I THOUGHT, "I'LL JUST CHECK ON AMAZON," AND SURE ENOUGH THERE THEY WERE!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT A RELIEF!!!!!!!!!! I WOULD HATE TO OWN A DVD RECORDER NOT BE ABLE TO RECORD ANYTHING!!!!! THANK YOU!!! 
I got this MP3 at a Black Friday sale and I was absolutly thrilled with it...until the end broke off. The end where the battery was broke off one day and wouldn't stay on. I now have to hold it in place with rubber bands. Now, the player will constantly shut off whenever it moves the slightest bit. The radio, however(before it broke)was great, the organization of the files was good and the mic worked okay if you talked straight into it. Overall, this was okay for the money I paid for it, but I wouldn't recommend this to anyone 
Hi! I bought my Cyberhome 300 in April 2006, and was able to set the region code to "0" to watch all DVD's. After not using the DVD Player for a few weeks (and unplugging it), the region code has automatically set back to "1" and I cannot change it anymore! What happened?? When I try to change it now I can only choose between the settings "1" and "-". Anyone who has the same problem? Thank yo 
(Despite some of the negative reviews of this item, it continues to perform well with my regular-sized iPod. In fact, it has more volume, depth, and presence than three other portable speakers--each costing 50 to 75% more--to which I've compared it. The only downside is that the item is no longer sold postage-free from Amazon, diminishing its "bargain" appeal somewhat.) These modest-sized and priced speakers perform as advertised: the sound is more than adequate; they're small enough that I can take The Stephen Colbert Report with me on walks; when not in use, they fold up into a mini Porta-John. My only misgiving is whether I should have spent 2-3X more for a unit with a dock connector. But for under twenty bucks you simply won't find a better sounding, more compact unit 
I purchased this to have a stereo for my iPod for primary use in my office, but to take with me other places. I have the 30 gig Video ipod - it fits loosly. The entire system seems cheaply made. As I mentioned, I wanted to use it in my office - well, at the lowest volume control, it is not very quite, so I would annoy my co-workers if I turned it on. Bottom line - Save your money!! 
I plugged my Nano into this charger for about 10 minutes and picked it up to check it out - it almost burnt my hand. My Nano is now Toast! I hope it just toasted the battery and not the whole device 
I purchased a Sony WEGA 27 inch tv. I took advantage of it's rear component input labeled video4. I connected my Sony DVP360 Dvd player. With dvd viewing, the movie Dinosaur, Bug's Life, Toy Story 1 and 2, and Vegas Vacation, the colors were very vibrant, details were dynamic, and the picture quality was very accurate in at least 480 lines of resolution. I have viewed these same movies on larger screen HDTV's such as the Pioneer Elite and was disappointed??? Glass picture tubes provide a more realistic picture. I can't imagine that I can do any better for my television than these cables. I am completely happy with dvd movie watching on my Sony WEGA with these Monster component 3 cables 
I bought this based on the overall positive reviews. Good sound quality, and a comfortable fit. I didn't find them to be too tight at all. For a low-end pair of headphones, I think they're pretty impressive 
Please, do not buy or use this product. The "hand-stitched, supple leather" scratched my new 60G black iPod video. The description says it "will fit all iPod videos" but mine was very tight. So far, DLO has not answered my complaints. Neither has Apple. I bought the Speck ToughSkin (have not received it yet) and hope it helps me heal the pain. Bad product 
These DVDs are absolutely top quality, and you really need to use bad DVDs to know how bad they can get. I ordered a pack a while ago and have burnt 7 discs so far. Not a single coaster, and Nero data verification (I always do that for DVDs) has not brought up any errors ever. BTW, the discs had a mixture of both large and very small files. The burner is the DVD multi drive on my Dell Inspiron Laptop (1505). However, I should mention (to those who haven't bought this product) why they are called Shiny Silver. You know that print on the top of DVDs with lines and that matte finish? Well, there's no such thing on these DVDs. The top looks a lot like the writing surface on the other side (other than the characteristic DVD color). Anyone who has seen unbranded DVDs will know exactly what I'm talking about- No special surface; however a felt tip marker works nicely to label the disks. Huge cost cutting here I guess, but definitely not in the quality department. I will buy again 
If you can't abide an ever-present low hiss in the background, and louder interference in the presence of power lines, don't buy this product. I wish I'd read the reviews more carefully before I bought. A number of even the most favorable ones mentioned this annoyance. The manufacturer replaced the first unit after I complained, but it was no improvement. This may be the best product of its type out there, but it still comes up short. 
The charger is very convenient. Power related to AD/DC is extremely useful. High-tech design and features. Sucking and blowing power does not measure up to the price. It has an extremely disappointing performance. It feels like a child toy rather than a useful tool for a personal computer or laptop. Will not recommend anyone to purchase this item due to the lack of performance 
I am running the RadioShark on a G4 PowerBook w/ Mac OS X 10.4. I am very happy with the programmed recording - saves to a variety of formats, etc. Very handy! The unit did all that it promised, but it could have had much better software. A Dashboard Widget is also included that controls basic operation, but not recording or EQ. Needed additions: 1. Station presets are selected from a drop down menu??!? One has to go to the RS menu bar (top of screen) to find the favorite Stations - kind of klunky. Better to have "radio buttons" associated with the App window. To be fair, the Widget does have better station selection, but the button is labeled with a 'heart'... 2. No station "scan" function. One has to dink through the entire spectrum manually - wow - hard to understand this lack of functionality. 3. Some additional audio filter/edit functions could be included. There is a multi-band EQ that works well, mostly (see comment below). At minimum there should be a hiss filter and a hum filter with variable levels of effect. Also, one should be able to edit out unessential material from an audio file. Though, for Mac OS X there is a nice freeware app that can do this: AUDACITY. Oddities 1. When first installed, the output had static in it which was worse with the EQ on. Griffin Tech Support was not very helpful - as with most tech support offerings, they failed to grasp the actual problem and replied with unhelpful suggestions. Re-installed software and it began working well. 2. Initially did not seem to work well thru an external (powered) hub; now has no problems. Though, unit does work okay with a USB extension cable 
Don't waste your money. What iRiver doesn't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead, the system is useless. I will never buy one of their products again and I'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iRiver products. My system cost me $340.00 and it is now as useless as the customer service department at iRive 
The headset sits on the back of head, which is ok, however due to large ear rests it feals awkward and uncomfortable. I was not able to use volume control, as the headphones were only audible at higher volume level. The mic is poor. Whether you want it for gaming or just general purpose use, its better to skip this for something else 
I agree with most of the reviews here. The PC155 is a great headset overall. The sound quality is great. Volume is more than adequate and fidelity is excellent. I've listened to a great deal of MP3 music through these babies and I am very impressed. Spacial/stereo imaging is great and I've actually heard things in the songs that I have never heard before! It actually shows the imperfections of my MP3 and makes me realize that I probably need to turn up the bit rate when ripping my CDs. The controls are also simple to use, both on the cord and on the PC. Audio recording quality is great as well. I have tried it with Dragon and recognition works great with it. Playback of recorded sound shows that the sound is a little on the dark side, however. Ps and Bs are a little too hot even though I have tried different mike positions and used the included wind sock. My biggest problem with the set is in the comfort department. I first feel obligated to tell you that I do not normally wear full coverage headphones. Usually, I wear high-quality buds. So, perhaps I just have to get used to it. However, I feel as though my ears are being squeezed too much with these headphones. Instead of feeling like they are comfortably secure, they feel as though they are too tight and they make my ears hot... even after only 15 minutes. So, despite my positive review of the sound quality, I am going to send these back and try the PC165. They supposedly have bigger ear cups, which will hopefully translate to more comfort? Other people here have not had problems with the comfort of the 155s so it is probably just me. UPDATE: I received the PC165 set and there is a big difference. The sound is fuller and bigger (not louder) on the 165s. Also, the comfort is much better. They don't pinch my ears like the 155s. The cord going to the headset is also thicker, which means fewer tangles and less chance of damage. If you're thinking of the 155s, I would get the 165s instead 
Like most people here, I found the Bose Triport headphones to have excellent sound but the plastic on mine also broke in the recess next to the earcups. What I found is that this is caused by the tension of the headband frame pushing into the plastic. In fact, the plastic broke from just sitting in my drawer for a week with the headband fully extended. My recommendation is to store these headphones with the earcups fully retracted, to reduce the tension of the headband frame on that piece of plastic. Bose replaced them with no hassles, no receipt, no registration, just sent them back and got a brand new pair. I think that was well worth the money spent over 2 years ago 
Yesterday was the annual Thanksgiving sale day. I got this 1G CF card from Staples by $40 after easy rebate. With this price, I think it is a great deal. However, it worked for my digital rebel only half an hour before it was DEAD. All my photos in the card were lost. I am a graduate student majoring in computer engineering, I know how to recover data if a hard drive fails. But this time, I find I simply can't help. Fortunately, Staples have a good return policy and I just returned it without hassle. Hopefully, this is only my case. My suggestion: make sure your dealer has a good return policy before you get this item. 
Then buy these Ridata Disc 
i tried them on a sony dcr-trv33, and they clogged my heads in about 10min. of recording. the camera has worked fine for about two years now, and it's the first time i use other than sony. this camera went to the sony service center for a full cleaning/service about two months ago, and worked perfectly fine until i tried these tapes. i read somewhere that the tapes have a surface compound that lubricates the head, and that it is incompatible between brands, clogging the tape head when the different compounds mix in it. i didn't believe it then, and stil not. according to that, maybe they are fine and you only have to stick with the brand. and i'll do, but another one 
The Panasonic CD player has a good sound quality, but does not automatically change from one CD to the next. It requires manual switching via the remote control to change from one CD to another. This feature was not explicitly stated in the specifications, and is misleading to a buyer who is seeking continuous playing of all five CD's 
Instead of getting this just get the cheaper skins. I figured to get the nicer one since I already shelled out all my money on an iPod, but it is a lot of money for a carrying case. Definetly get the skins 
This was my first set of in-ear headphones and I bought them because they are cheap. Well, you get what you pay for. Being disappointed with the fit of the Koss phones, I bought the slightly more expensive JVC HA-FX55V. At least for me, a much better fit, which means more comfort and better sound. And I am still shopping. The array of offerings is daunting: JVC and JPlug at about $20 all the way up to Shure's top of the line at $500. So shop around, but forget about the Koss 
Great sound quality; great signal quality. I can hear everyone well, and the people on the other end of the call can also hear me well. The main charging station is about 40 feet away at the opposite end of the house from my farthest charger, with a couple walls in between, and I have no problems with signal. The handsets are smaller than I expected, but that's actually a bonus since I hadn't bought a new phone in a while and thought my old handset was too big and clunky. The handsets are about 6 inches long not including the antenna part, 1 and 7/8 inches at the widest point by the display, and 1 and 1/8 inches thick at the thickest point. Doesn't interfere with my wireless internet or any of my other electronics. I've used the phone while sitting next to my laptop, while both I and the chargers were next to TV and stereos, and with my cell phone going at the same time - no interference. The speakerphone part isn't that great - the person on the other end can hear other sounds in the room, plus they say it sounds like I'm speaking from a great distance away. But I've never had a phone with a good speakerphone, so wasn't expecting that to work anyway. Would have been great if they'd included a headset that goes with it since the handsets do have headset jacks. I love the extra handsets that only need to be plugged into a power outlet - solved my lack of working jacks problem!! The display lights up when it rings and when you press any of the keys. The keys are not backlit. The menus are fairly intuitive - if you've ever had a cell phone you can figure this out pretty easily. It's very easy to send phone numbers that you've programmed into one handset to all the other handsets or only to a specific handset. When I first hooked everything up, the phones got no dial tone, but the problem was with the phone cord that plugs into the phone jack in the wall. For some reason, the cord they provided didn't work, so when I swapped it out with the cord I had, all the phones worked fine. I'd buy these again and recommend to others to buy 
I have a D-link router, and I couldn't even get this thing to connect wirelessly. It works if connected with a ethernet wire, but that isn't really the point, is it? I called customer support, and the call dropped 4 TIMES!!!! Even when I was able to stay connected, they obviously weren't listening to me, and were of no use in the end. I'm off to go return. Save your time, money, and aggrevation. Avoid this like the plague 
i love the mobilemate sd. I haven't had any problems yet. It's small compact and gets the job done 
I had reservations when buying - according to online reviews many of these devices seem to be defective (the Belkin as well). I purchased anyway and my fears were confirmed. LEDs do not light, does not transmit on any frequency. Manufacturer representative (from India) confirmed that it is defective. Return will be time consuming and frustrating, but $50 is enough to make me endure even more pain. Don't buy this item 
I had no problem with the product. The directions were pretty simple. Problem: I never received my rebate information!!! 
This DVD player does play all types of DVDs no matter how you burn it. But like other reviews, it stopped working after 3-6 months. In my case, it was 3 months. It just doesn't turn on anymore. I unplugged everything and replugged it but it just went dead. I don't watch DVDs much, so it's not like I overused it. Go with another model. This one has problems. I thought mines would be the exception, but I guess not. And now I can't return it because it's been over 30 days. 
Worked well for a while ( 2 weeks) , the sound always had static, later the sound went really low and then it just died 
I have only had this monitor for a couple of day's but I am verry happy with it. It came well packaged and you cant beat the price. I shopped around and this was the one for me. I dont know about the other review but with in 5 min of opening the box I was using the monitor and it worked verry well!! THANK'S AMAZON 
We bought this about a month ago from Amazon. The product itself seems fine - we used it on a vacation drive from NJ to Myrtle Beach and back. At times, it was a help (like when there was a traffic jam on 95 in VA and we needed an alternate route). However, you definitely have to keep an eye on it as it doesn't always recommend the best or shortest route. Also, it was missing certain stores, restaurants, etc. that had been around for awhile. We liked that it is a PDA though. My husband drives limos so he wanted a mapping device for help but we hope to load some games into it. This way, when he has to wait around, he will have something to do. CONS: - You should be tech-savvy to get one of these set up - Match sure you get patches as unit will lock up - Manufacturer has DISCONTINUED this model. They still offer some support but be warned that this is a DISCONTINUED model. - Since it became DISCONTINUED, it dropped in price about $60 two weeks after I bought it which annoys me somewhat - Will be spending extra to get bigger memory card - Came with EXPIRED Outlook coupon - why bother including this? PROS - Nice display and controls - Came with mount and dock (some don't - you have to buy extra) - We had no trouble with the suction cup mount (had to pry it off the window with a knife one time) but agree that most placement seems to block driver view through windshield - Also a PD 
The description indicates that it works on Mac platform. But it does not. And the funny thing is the instruction. It says "if it does not work, try different computer." Very helpful, isn't it? So I had to use my PC and set up a network w/ Mac and trasnfer. Too much trouble if you have a Mac. However, it's easy to use. Hook up and click, click. that's it. 
This paper works excellent in the hp series printers. I have tryed many other makes of Photo paper and they just don't cut it. Some other makes don't dry in a timely manner, others have a dull finish them, some have a red tone. This HP Photo paper allows you to print store developed quality photos from your hp printer. You get what you pay for... This product is worth the money.... 
I purchased the Adorama Slinger Bag after first purchasing the Tamrac Velocity 5. The Tamrac bag is a nice bag and can be worn as either a shoulder bag or a waist bag. Unfotunately, it lacked sufficient support when worn as waist bag and did not have an attached pouch to carry a water bottle. The Slinger Bag addressed both of these deficiencies. When worn as a waist bag, it also uses the shoulder strap to keep the bag firmly in place which also helps to balance the weight of the bag. There are two water pouches on the Slinger Bag (which is a real requirement as I live in Arizona). The Adorama Slinger Bag is a great travel bag. It is light weight and has great utility. I highly recommend it. 
This player is a piece of junk. First the USB really doesnt mean you can hot swap. You can access the files only if the software is installed on the computer which means that you cannot pick up MP3 from any computer. Second, it gives errors with XP. It tries to install drivers every time. THird, removing old and adding new MP3 is such a hassle. It takes minutes to delete old files and add new. Seems like you are working with a floppy. Fourth, its Mojo software hangs all the time. Fifth, it sucks battery life. Sixth, if your MP3 is not in a directory, i.e. if copied directly, it wont show. Then it wont delete and will show 200 MB as not free space. Formatting is the only way out. Seventh, it came with a mail in rebate which never showed up. Overall, a bad experience 
I had to return two faulty DVD players. One would freeze frame the picture and the audio would keep on playing. The replacement DVD player kept saying "Wrong Disc" and was very very loud when it would actually play a disc. I ended up having to search and find a different DVD player all together because they wouldn't replace the 2nd faulty product. (Which was packaged inappropriately and possibly damaged in shipment) 
I have to agree with many others about the poor quality of this phone. The battery life decreased rapidly and after several weeks I was forced to keeps both phones on their chargers. Instead of gambling on replacement cells I bought a Panasonic phone as suggested by other disappointed AT model 2255 buyers 
Product is light duty, over time it will not hold up to being flipped and opened often, If longevity is your goal purchase elsewher 
There's no need to take anybody else's word for specs on this Sony DVD player when you can view or download, for free, the user's manual at http://esupport.sony.com/US/perl/model-documents.pl?mdl=DVPNS90V=3. I've been running this Sony DVP-NS90V player through a Sony widescreen HDTV and a Pioneer amplifier/receiver for several days now, and I find almost none of the problems and limitations mentioned by previous reviewers. One, for example, states that there is "no bass management," yet you can (a) route more or less signal to the subwoofer by selecting "small" or "large" for the front speaker size (see page 76 of the user's manual), and also (b) increase or decrease the bass from -15 dB to +5 dB (see page 77 of the manual). Whether you prefer analog to digital audio, or you think SACD's are tops, is a matter of opinion, taste and choice and not an objective evaluation of a playback unit. I, for one, prefer DVD-Audio, and I mention this for an important reason: Some product ads and the user's manual clearly warn that this unit "will NOT play DVD-Audio discs." Happy surprize: it most certainly will! For my DVD-A's that have optional Dolby 5.1 and/or DTS tracks, the player simply ignores the primary DVD-A format (normally output via the 6 analog cable connectors) but still plays the Dolby or the DTS via the digital audio (optical or coaxial) connectors. For "pure" DVD-A's (without Dolby 5.1 or DTS tracks), it conveniently outputs the audio BOTH via the 6 analog AND the digital connectors. And in all cases above, the audio is full multi-channel surround, and not downmixed to 2-channel PCM, nor Prologic pseudo-surround. The only DVD-A function it lacks is the video slideshow often included on DVD-A's, and so displays only the "jacket image" onscreen. The Quick Setup allows any DVD newbie to be up and running in a short time. And the Custom Setup is so detailed with so many fine tweaks and trouble-shooters that it's bound to please even the high-end audio-video geek-freaks. In short, you'll find this to be a superior universal player, provided you read the user's manual (all 84 pages of it!), follow it, and connect equally high-quality, compatible equipment capable of exploiting its many fine features 
very good case for the price. Actually looks more expensive. Can't go wrong 
I lost my previous RadioShack surge strip and the various pieces of equipment attached to it in the Queens power failure and wanted something dependable. The price is great for its rating and all the stuff included, and it is kind of cool-looking too! Recommend without reservation 
I bought this same brand of discs sometime last year on this very site. I was very pleased with the purchase then. I didn't have one problem with the discs. I bought another pack recently and I've been using the pack I just bought. All of the discs are messing up for me. I can understand having a few problematic discs but this is insane to have a whole pack of discs and every single one of them messes up for you. I wish I could send these discs back and get a refund. This purchase has scared me away from anything else related to Memorex. I thought Memorex was a very reliable brand and they would make sure they were sending out top notch items to consumers. I guess I was wrong. And apparently you get what you pay for. Don't be fooled by the good price. You'll just be out of your money and stuck with discs that wouldn't even be worth using as a frisbee. Find another brand to use and avoid this brand 
I have been a Dj for a almost 5 years, and this are the best headphones I've ever had. The H250 headphones are light, confortable, and great acustic properties. It is true that the bass is a little loud, but thats exactly what you need if you're playing in loud and crowded clubs 
This is a great swicth with low price. I use it together with D-Link DI-704 4-port internet sharing router to build my home network with 1 PC, two servers, one PowerMac and a laptop connected to cable modem ISP. Connecting via the swicth for internet sharing doesn't show any noticeable slow-response as compared to connecting via the router directly. It works well by itself as we as with D-Link DI-704 
This is a great headset for my use. It is very clear. I use it for work, and I only make use it periodically throughout the day, making about 10 calls daily so I don't wear it all the time 
I have had this phone for about three years. I bought it primarily to use it as a good quality speaker-phone (with mute) for long conference calls. It was quite expensive (I paid $200 to get it) but here are what I have found to be its shortcomings: No caller-id display. This just baffles me. I get caller-Id on all other phones in the house except this one. I have tried every possible varient (resetted settings, disconnected other phones, etc.) but nothing works: I always get "NO ID MESSAGE" on the LCD. The second major shortcoming is that called-parties often complain about the feedback on the speakerphone. One way to reduce that is by lowering the volume significantly, but that sort-of defeats the purpose of having a good speakerphone. Another minor shortcoming is that the phone requires to be powered even though it is a corded-phone (hence will not work in case of emergencies). Finally, two connect two lines you have to use an ugly adapter. One good thing about the phone is that it looks quite good, has a professional appearance, and claims to have a duplex-speakerphone. 
I have always had uniden cordless telephone and have always liked them. I had purchased this one to replace my 2.4ghz uniden cordless telephone which would interfere with my wireless modem on my computer. This one doesn't. I also like the feature of the intercom feature. My daughter has one of the handsets downstairs in her room and if she isn't on the phone, I can contact her to talk to her. My daughter also likes the mute feature where she can put somebody on hold if she is on the phone to ask me a question so that person on the other end doesn't hear her. The phone has many other features but those are 2 usefule ones I like along with the caller ID 
Ok, after reading the multiple good reviews on Amazon i persuaded myself to buy these speakers thinking some people were just pessimistic. Ok, i got these and immediately put a pair of batteries in. These things sound absolutely awful, it goes about the volume of someone quietly talking and the sound is distorted and fuzzy, forget about any bass. Absolutely do not buy these things. Oh yeah, whoever has been rating these things as good must be working for sony or something cu these things are terribl 
Seems nowadays everything uses AAA batteries so this 30 pack is perfect for just about anyone that needs them. You know who you are. The ones with the video games, remote controls, clocks, and whatever else you need. Expecially good to get during the holidays, you should never be without 
my this earbud headphone is poor in bass response comapared to my sony mdr g-54lp(beware mdr-g54lp and mdr g54lp is two different models there is difference of - sign) actually in experts view this type small earbuds use to give poor sound this is true with any brand and model so never buy earbud type small headphone if you want small headphone buy IN THE EAR CANAL type headphone in experts view this type in ear earphone use to give good crystal clear sound example sony mdr ex 71 / 81, shure e2c etc. if bigger headphone is ok than buy mdr-g54lp 
i can't believe the unbelievable prices of flash drives these days. i just bought this one from Wal-mart for $20.00 dollars. that's way cheaper than on amazon.com. plus i've noticed that amazon.com has switched to third retailers and some don't even ship to hawaii, or do ship to hawaii at a hefty price. this switching of amazon having the lowest price to third retailers is really turning me off. possibly even towards purchasing books. 
I just cam from Las Vegas and the sandisk has a disk error that doesn't allow for more photos after only using 40mb. I have tried to format the disk using the camera and through Windows XP. It doesn't allow it to be formatted. Bad investment!!! Would not recommend the product unless there is a way I can get a refund or an exchange 
I've been using my BEFW11S4 for a few months now. The little thing has its good points - a nice, unobtrusive little box I can just plug in and hide on top of some piece of office furniture, allowing my rather over-laptop-equipped household some nice convenient net access, while still allowing the home office systems a wired connection. Sounds nice, if it only worked. Howver, BEFW11S4 has a MAJOR problem, and a rather common one at that. Specifically, it locks up. It does so frequently. I have to unplug the router at least once a day, and frequently twice, to deal with it locking up. Can't even access the administrator screen, and even hitting the reset button isn't enough to fix it. Wireless isn't too useful when you have to physically walk to the unit multiple times a day, is it? The problem seems to lie not in the hardware, but in the firmware (the software that runs on the router). If Linksys would release reliable firmware for this router, I'd give it 4-5 stars. But until they resolve the issue that wires down their wireless modem, I can't possibly justify giving the BEFW11S4 more then two stars 
To back up my personal DVD collection I burned 200 discs. 100 on these Memorex DVD+R's, 100 on Philips DVD+R's. EVERY Memorex had flaws during playback. EVERY Philips was flawless. I've been buying Memorex for years but I'll never buy Memorex again 
This little device is a great invention from HP. I had problems installing the unit and was on the telephone with HP Tech support (India) for 1.75 hours, I spent very little time on hold. The largest draw back to the unit is my computer acts like the DC4000 is not there from time to time and required me to reboot the computer in order to use this nifty device 
I HATE DESE KIND OF PHONES. DAY HAVE EM AT MI SKOOL N DA R TURRBLE. THEY HAV OK SOUND BUT DAY FEEL TURRBLE LIK PUTTIN TOO MUCH PRESSURE ON UR EARS. THEY F--KING HURT DOG. DON'T GET DESE, GET SONY H.EAR DOSE R ALWAYZ DA BEST 
I dislike ipods so i figure I try something else and hope for the best..Unfortunately I was wrong Itunes and Ipods are definitely much better.. Basically this device is a cheap piece of crap and it seems like Sandisk's approach is WYSIWYG..disappointing PROS: - long battery life - email tech support is quick and good but website support sucks bad CONS: - it's easy to setup but instruction manual is useless - buttons are rigid and miniature and difficult to press with a skin on - wheel is very stiff and offers very little functionality - software is buggy and terrible - freezes occasionally - navigating through menus stutters and lags - boot time is 10 seconds - video mode has no options - needs serious firmware updates - time is listed only in settings menu = useless - tons of issues with playlists getting erased or not working properly - every firmware update erases all your settings, including radio presets and the list of issues goes on and on... anyone who has reviewed this product positively obviously didnt do a thorough job because these issues exist and its definitely irritating I am extremely disappointed and will never buy a sandisk player ever again My suggestion is to try it out thorougly before buying..so you dont make the same mistake I did and trust other people's lopsided reviews.. 
This backpack has been such a useful companion for me. There are lots of space inside even for huge text books, and compartment is arranged just right to hold variety of stuff---CDs, DVDs, paperback books, pens, cell phones, water bottles, etc., etc. There are numerous creative ways of storing stuff. Indeed my whole life as a student can be inside at once. As a notebook backpack, this would not provide the best protection. Padding is fine, but depending on how much stuff you have a notebook inside could be squeezed a bit more than you desire. Also, the clip to fix the cover flap onto the backpack almost is broken after a year of daily use for me. I have had Dell 14" and 15" laptops with the backpack and fitting was just fine for securely hold it inside. Wearing comfort is pretty good, and things are quite adjustable for your body. I would recommend this backpack if carrying more than a laptop, e.g., testbooks, is essential for you. P.S., I ended up using a warranty support to fix the buckle. Targus's customer support is first rate---prompt, courteous, and reliable. They actually replaced the backpack with a newer version of the same product. Their service totally make them highly recommended 
I bought this drive with the advice from my father who has bought several LaCie's for his company. He's always had good luck with them. The first thing that I noticed when I opened the box was that there was a gap between the case and the faceplate. I called LaCie customer service and they sent me instructions on how to open the case and also noted my serial number so that I wouldn't void my warranty. The problem was that there were 2 screws that hold the faceplate onto the internal chassis who were not even tighted (as if they started the screws and didn't tighten them). By the way... the actual HD inside the case is a Maxtor. If I had know that prior to purchase, I would not have bought the LaCie. I fixed the problem with the case and turned it on.. only to be hit with a high pitched winning sound coming from the HD. This noise will drive me crazy and is not "Ultra Quiet" as noted in the description. I'm sending it back to Amazon for a refund 
These headphones are so expensive and they are aweful! I dont remember if it was the left or the right but one side of the cord is longer than the other; its very annoying! I tried to loosen it and the wire was showing, what a piece of s***. Its very annoying because the ear bud fell out when I listened to music and it doesnt feel comfortable. Also the rubber on the ear bud falls off very easily. They are too expensive for a piece of junk! The only reason I rate it two stars is because the sound is great on the headphones. Instead purchase the Sony SRF-HM01V S2 Sports Walkman Street Style Headphone Radio. I purchased those after these fell apart and they are much better :) 
Is there a less than 1 star. After 5month, it just stopped working, How do i get my money back. Not worth it for the money. I have a smaller tv that I have had for 6 years and still works. 
I'm a skeptic. No, I mean I'm REALLY a skeptic... especially in today's marketplace (because nothing is built like it used to be). I don't buy anything without checking it out first, and even then, I expect that it's probably going to fail me when I do. Yeah, wonderful view there, huh? Well, needless to say, I was pleasantly (and quite happily) surprised when this device didn't fail me out of the box. I've been using my speedpad for almost a year now, and I have to say that it has been by far more solid, responsive and intuitive than I ever expected it to be. I will not play a PC game without it plugged in now, that's how well this gamepad has worked for me. Here are the ins and outs: 1) Solid construction. As others have stated, this device feels very solid and is just generally "sturdy as hell". This, alone, surprised me. Not too many electronic devices are solidly made these days (not too many at all!)... so I'm glad to see that this one was. Belkin did an excellent job in this department. 2) Software. Do yourself a favor, when you get this device home, don't bother putting in the CD that comes with it. Instead, go directly to Belkin's website first-thing, download the newer version of the software (which is near exactly the same as what's on the CD, but updated) and install that *before* plugging in your speedpad for the first time. Do that and you'll have everything updated immediately with little to no trouble at all. I've had no problems with the software for this hardware (and that's generally the part I have trouble with the most). The applications (profiler and button editor) function perfectly, and macros are a snap to program. Kudos to Belkin's programmers on writing the software suite for this, they did a good job. 4) Sticky keys. Most people have experienced this.. myself included. Being possibly a byproduct of the solid construction of the product, basically, what happens is the keys stick just a little bit coming out of the box. Though just "excercising" the device (pressing the buttons down quickly and solidly over and over) for a few seconds after plugging it in each time I went to use it cleared up this issue within the first week of using the gamepad, and I've never had it happen since. 5) Other buttons. * The mouse scroll wheel can be an annoyance, and I don't use it much at all because it's hard to scroll up and down with it (Belkin may just have made that particular button a little *too* solid). * The orange button above the d-pad also isn't that easy to press, though if you keep you pinky finger positioned on the side of the keypad for leverage, it's not impossible to press this button (in fact, I use it as my default "map" button in most of the games I play). It's perfect for those functions you use enough to need a button for but not enough to need an easy spam button. * I haven't experienced any problems hitting the 'space' button below the d-pad that others have experienced. My thumb taps that button as easily as it taps the space bar on a standard keyboard. My only complaint with it is that I can't simply twist my thumb a bit to hit the key, I have to actually lift my thumb off the d-pad to do it - and that's not much of a complaint at all, really. The d-pad itself is a godsend! I'm a true console gamer, having used nothing but d-pads for movement since all the time spent playing my old NES as a kid (and using a joystick before that with my even older Atari). D-pad is all I know, really. In fact, the one thing that's kept me away from PC gaming all these years is I've never, ever been able to accustom myself to using arrow keys or WASD for movement (and probably never will get accustomed to that either). For the longest time I was looking for a device that could allow me to keep the sensitivity of mouse aiming (to keep up with other PC players) while giving me an actual d-pad for movement... and that is EXACTLY what this gamepad did for me. As I said at the top of this review, I will never play a PC game without my Nostromo speedpad plugged in. This gamepad has provided the one benefit that other pads haven't and that I really needed - a controller interface that's actually functional and intuitive enough to use that I forget I'm using it most of the time, allowing me to immerse myself completely in whatever game I'm playing... which is really the point of gaming in the first place, isn't it? The Nostromo Speedpad gets 5 stars from me. I would recommend it to anyone who's looking for the type of benefits I've listed. And, for that matter, I'm recommending it right now in fact... 
Bought this DVD player 4 days ago and have enjoyed it ever since. It has many features and a good picture. You can't beat the large screen. I like the zoom feature especially. Another feature I like is that the battery fits flush with the dvd player in back so that you don't have a bulky protrusion when it's attached.The sound is not loud as others have said but I have yet to find a portable DVD player that has good sound. You'll have to use external speakers or ear phones(included). Another thing I notice is that DVD-RW or DVD+/- R are not supported. They play but the menu system does not work. You have to access the file manually. That being said I cannot find this size dvd player anywhere else for less than $299. The shipping was fast and free. There is a stamp on the manual stating that the unit is sold "as-is" but the unit I got was brand new and not refurbished. So far so good. I don't thonk you will be disappointed 
This is my first time ever buying a really expensive MP3 player. I bought it three weeks ago. If I hadn't seen the Creative Zen Vision:M, I probably would have bought the Sandisk Sansa E260. I love being able to bring my cartoon/tv shows over to a friends house so we can watch them on the tv. There is one problem I've had with it. I'm not sure if anyone else has had this, but there is some slight static noise that happens once in a while when I'm listening to music. I don't think it's the MP3s, because I've never ran into the problem with my other MP3 players. If only they would've added the video cable for the TV and kept the charger, then I would've rated it a 5 
Just a fair warning to all out there considering this card. After purchasing this card it worked great. Then in the middle of my friend's wedding the card no longer was readable by my camera. I could not believe it! When I got home I put the original card in the camera and it worked fine. I reformatted this card and still the camera could not read the card. Not worth the money for only one years use 
This is an excellent machine. I bought two of them. There are a few things you need to do. I have had 100% satisfaction using FujiFilm DVD-R up to 8x. I have had success with FujiFilm DVD+R up to 8x. I`ve also had tremendous success with TDK DVD+R up to 4x and 8x. Some other brands may not work. One thing I`ve learned about this machine is that you have to baby it a little. Don`t go recording 3 or 4 -R or +R DVDs every day. Give it a rest between recordings. One or two per day is okay. Definitely give it room to breathe. If you stack your machines on top of each other, put something in between so they can breathe. Be sure not to block the ventilation holes on the sides. You definitely need to buy a Panasonic DVD player to play back your DVDs - other brand DVD players may not play your recordings properly. One of the greatest things about this machine is that it records DVD-RAM. They are re-recordable for many, many times and each program can be erased when watched. You can even edit the recordings on the DVD-RAM. Cut out commercials and fit more on a disc or remove the commercials for when you watch the program. Only works on the DVD-RAM. I have over 50 DVD-RAM discs (Panasonic brand) - they sure take up less space than VCR tapes! Get one or two of these recorders and a Panasonic DVD player and you`ve got it made! Throw away your VCRs forever! Just remember to baby them 
My first purchase of the Q9b resulted in a return as the display wasn't mounted properly within the plastic housing. This resulted in the screen being tilted downwards about 1/4" and made the viewing unpleasant. The screen also wasn't very bright even with the brightness controlled up at 100%. Having to disassemble the unit to place it back in the box required the base stand to be taken apart but that was next to impossible without breaking it. Suffice to say, quality control missed this one. After getting a new Q9b replacement, I unfortunately had a bad pixel. After using the Q9b for a week now, I noticed some red aliasing between characters. The crispness of the display is fine but I changed display fonts to 120dpi to make it look better. The control buttons on the monitor are too small. The built-in speakers leave less than desired and useless. The Q9b does not have DVI ports. At 1280x1024 mode its fine for doing basic computing like web surfing and office applications. Viewing DVD movies at full 1280x1024 mode was difficult to watch. At smaller sizes (400x300) was fine. All in all, the Q9b is not a bad monitor for the price for general computing work 
I wanted an original apple usb cord for my iPod, and the description said this is, but it isn't. So if you're like me and you want the original, don't buy this one 
I did buy a set of 2 "Base station and extra handset". Its a great design, tons of features, MP3 ring ton, Picture Caller ID, Sync with your PC for phone book, Answering machine, etc. I am very happy with. Thank you so much for such great product with a great price 
I had a D-link USB adaptor before which was really good, but was old. I upgraded to a wireless G Linksys USB adaptor, but I was supplied with old goods (a Linksys sales manager confirmed that), so I sent that back. I thought I'd try D-Link again. Bad move. First, I tried to upgrade the drivers. My current version was 1.0.5.0. I downloaded the version 1.12 from D-Link's site. After uninstalling and reinstalling (several times) I still had 1.0.5.0. An hour and a half on the phone with D-Link tech support and I still had 1.0.5.0. Another hour on Google, and I'm not the only one with this issue. Seems to be a version-control issue with D-Link. Then, even more irritating, every time after I use my wired connection and go back to wireless I have to reinstall the drivers and reboot. And re-enter all my security info again. (I believe this has something to do with using a different USB port from the last time, but whatever the reason, it's unacceptable). This adaptor's going back too. Don't know what I'll try next. 
A short list of grievances: 1. The earbuds don't fit well in the ear 2. The retraction wheel is in the middle of the cord, so that if you're walking while listening to music, it bounces around and threatens to pull the buds out of your ears. 3. The retraction wheel broke after a month, making these headphones no longer retractable. NOT WORTH THE MONEY YOU'LL SPEND ON SHIPPING, let alone the cost of the headphones. These headphones are garbage 
Great for if you are not near a computer and need to charge your Ipo 
This is definitely a comfortable mouse if you don't have big hands. It is a pretty small mouse but it contours very nicely, even if you are left-handed. The extra buttons are handy for lazy people like me who don't like using the keyboard or clicking on buttons to go forward, backward, and switch between programs. The button in the middle though (the one that lets you switch programs) is out of the way. It takes just a bit more effort to use, meaning that you would have to remove your hand from the default contour to use that button. I actually hardly ever use that button. I can't live without the forward/backward buttons though. I find myself man-handling other mice thinking they too have those neat, little buttons. The mouse has a really good response to movement as well. I've used it for gaming as well, though I admit I'm not a hardcore gamer. I really recommend this mouse. I can't imagine spending more money and getting a remarkably better mouse than this one 
This is a great storage device. I use it to store documents to take with me when I travel and I keep it in my purse. I love the lanyard, that helps me to keep track of the drive. Worth every $$$ I paid for it! 
Only thing I did not care for was the design on the top of the disk. Other than that, these are quality DVD 
Bought C01U and was glad I could send it back after a testing period: Tried it witih Ableton Live on OS X 10.4.7 and a MacBookPro. Sound Quality was okay but either the buffer was too small (which caused the sound to scratch every few seconds) or the buffer was too large which ended in a lag causing me to get distracted from my monitor-earphones. I tried for about two hours to find the right balance but it didn't work out. This Microphone might have a nice sound but I can'T recommend it for high standard voice recording. 
The first speaker came broken, I first called the manufacture but they wanted me to ship it at my cost for repair, that was not acceptable. I then called Amazon and you took the item back promptly. When I tried to have replacement shipped I was informed the price had increased and I would have to pay the difference, since this is the speaker my wife wanted I was forced to pay the increased price. I am not happy with this tansaction. 
Can't say much for the video or sound quality, menu options, or anything really, since this thing broke after 2 minutes of watching Monsters, Inc. on DVD. Playback just froze, the thing stopped recognizing that DVDs were in unless you turned the thing off and then back on again, and after another minute it wouldn't even start playing the thing at all, just whirred a lot. So, dud 
DON'T BUY THESE THINGS ! THEY GO BAD AND SANDISK WON'T REPLACE THEM. BUY OCZ OR A-DATA OR SOMETHING. THESE THINGS ARE VERY UNRELIABLE.. 
This was one of the cheapest tv mounts and it had all the options the expensive ones had it will pull away from the wall as well as allow the screen to pivot up and down.It also compacts up close to the wall. I dont know what other features someone would want in a mount. It is also very smooth when it moves and there is not any deflection or sloppiness in the construction, altough I only put a 14" lcd on it 
Around here Canon ink is difficult to locate and expensive when you actually find someone who carries it. It may take a week or two to arrive using Amazon's free shipping option, but I get fantatstic results from my Canon Pixma MP780 (that I also bought from Amazon). Most of my printing is borderless 8 1/2x11 and the quality is always great. Definitely worth it. If turnaround time is a problem, buy two so you always have a spare. 
I recently bought an HP 17" widescreen laptop and needed to find a case for traveling. This case is all that and more...on one side is a detachable cell phone case...the other side a HIDDEN drink holder. It has a pocket that it slides into if not needed- that came in handy in the airport. This case looks extremely sturdy (well built!)and dirt just seems to wipe right off of it. It holds my 17" laptop, PDA, Cell phone, computer mouse, one-time-use cameras, Ipod, and all the wires and chargers for those electronics. I even fit two books, keys, a folder filled with directions and plane tickets, a notebook, and two dvd's in here. (all of that at the same time) Granted, all that stuff makes it pretty heavy to lug around the airport, so if you are doing that routinely you are going to want something with wheels or backpack form. The strap on this bag is extremely sturdy and cushiony. The strap was long enough for me to wear it diagonally accross my chest if I wanted, but it is not detachable (which means it isn't likely to fall off easily). This bag is extremely well-designed. There is a strap for attaching it to wheeled luggage...it even fits under the window seat of the airplane and those areas for storage are much smaller than the aisle seats. Very well padded..I knocked my brand new computer around a bit during the travels and kept opening the case to make sure it was okay! Of course it was fine because there are 3 heavy duty layers of padding. Because this bag does all that and more, it is large. It becomes larger the more you stuff it (obviously). However, I am 5'1" and I carried it fine from North Carolina to New York. It looks great, if I needed to go to a meeting with my laptop I would gladly take it in this case. It looks professional enough. happy buying! ps. let me add that finding a decently priced case for a 17" laptop that has all the features this one does is nearly impossible. Also, in the stores I checked this was sold for about 30 dollars more than here on amazon!! If you have a smaller laptop, this case will work just fine too! It has an adjustable divider. You will just gain more room for other stuff. I look foward to long usage of this case. 
There are lots of reviews here and most appear to be on-target relative to my experience with these headphones. But here are my 2 cents: I got these to replace some aging Sony MDR-V2's that I purchased maybe 10 years ago. The ear cushions of the MDR-V2's had begun to deteriorate, and I figured it was time to see what had improved in 10 years. I just compared them to the older V2s and I can say that the V6 is definitely better. They fully surround the ears (V2s just sat on your ear, pressing on them). The V6s also seem to offer more detailed sound. I concur that they sound a little bright, but I can take care of this on my iPod by setting the EQ to ReduceTreble (but I like the brightness, so sometimes I don't do that). I do NOT concur with other review comments about weak bass. They appear to have the right amount. (IMHO - it is a shame that bass has been overemphasized in the past decade, at the expense of flatness and non-coloring of sound). I also concur that the sensitivity of these is quite good (plenty loud for me with the iPod - and I listen at good levels - albeit not ear damaging ones). As a last comment, I notice Amazon has these for about $65. I paid $99 at a local store. Buy from Amazon ! (no - I don't work for or invest in them ;- 
I have the same problem some other reviewers had: the audio was extremely low unless I manually adjust the cassette. It's not that easy - you have to stick your finger into the cassette slot while the adapter is in there, and wiggle it forward and backward until the audio adjusts. But that doesn't always work. If that doesn't work, you then have to turn your hand over and use your fingernail to catch a ridge on the adapter and lift it up a bit. I'd rather not have an accident on the highway by either (1) fiddling with the audio, or (2) smashing the adapter into little pieces while I drive. Hundreds of songs on the ipod and no way to listen while you drive... 
I was excited about these headphones because Creative usually has great products. I was sadly disappointed. The connector is clunky and surely going to wear out it's flimsy wire on the jack. The bluetooth signal is weak, take a walk down the street and it begins to distort like crazy. It also distorts at high volumes which you will need to use anyway because the sound is so low. It runs out of power after only a few short hours. And worst of all, the headphones are impossibly tight, causing real discomfort. After only two days of using these headphones, I couldn't take it any more 
My favorite thing about this phone is that the caller ID captures 11 digit numbers (1-xxx-xxx-xxxx) which are then very easy to store into the phone book and call. My old phone only captured 10 digits (xxx-xxx-xxxx) which meant I had to reenter everything manually because of course you have to dial a 1 first. This new phone also allows me to toggle between 11 digits and 7 digits on the same number. I put together my phone book just by capturing calls as they came in. Very handy. As far as being a phone, it does everything well and after a couple of months I am still as happy as could be with it 
I had a little trouble getting my system to recognize it when first set up...but after a little tweaking, it works beautifully. Previously owned regular CRT...what an improvement! Superb clarity and brightness. For the money you just can't go wrong with this one 
The remote control is OK. But the earbuds are horrible! They are very sensitive to your particular "ear anatomy". I suppose they fit for some people, but for me they are useless. They stay in for a few seconds, but don't dare do anything like running, walking, or moving your head and expect them to stay in. Much better to get lightweight headphones with an over-the-head or behind-the-head band, or even the models with "hooks" that fit over the top of your ears. 
I'm using Monster optical cable as well, but with different reasons behind. Anybody with a basic knowledge of physics or optics should know that under normal condition light is not susceptible to interference from magnetic field or EMF 
I had this 6 months (which is how long it takes to figure out how to use it!) and the backlight is no longer working. So I can't see the time, without a flashlight or lamp 
I was really pushing the limits of my mid-range Monster surge protector with 2 TVs, a 2.4Gig P4 with desktop TV, DSL, two printers, and .....drumroll please.....a fridge all crammmed into a corner office setup about 7' wide. The Belkin Gold unit with RF/EMI suppression up to 75db cured all the rattle and hum problems with speakers, satellite signal, the "dirty" line into my modem, and a week later I haven't had to reboot my system once. Amazing! I had already had a great experience with a Belkin SurgeMaster on my Home Theater setup, so I went one level up with this "Gold" unit. One of the better investments I've made lately. I paid $60 at the local Office Depot, the price Amazon is advertising is ridiculously low at $35. Belkin.com's price is about $70 so my advice is to buy this unit now before somebody at Amazon wakes up and jacks the price. 
Hey, don't listen to those other schmucks. So maybe there are a few of these that are exceptable, but the rest just complain too much. I love this thing! I got it for Christmas, and now for $20, you can't beat that. I use a standard charger for it in my car, so I never have to worry about batteries. It seems that the best way to get it to sound the best, is work with your mp3 player or whatever your using (equalizer). I have also used it on my portable DVD player in the car and it sounds awesome! For the price, I highly recommend this product 
I just recently move from dial-up to DSL. Going DSL was not enough; I did not want to have cables running though the house so I started looking into going wireless. To make a long story short, after a little investigation I decided to make the leap into wireless technology. I purchased the WAP55AG router and the adapter cards, WMP55AG and WPC55AG. Once the WAP55AG router was installed and set up, the installation of the WMP55AG PCI Adapter on each of the desktops were simple. I had no difficulty setting up the hardware and software and with a few hours, I was on the net through the router. One desktop is running XP professional and the other desktops are running XP Home edition. The LinkSys Web site has all the documentation you need for installation and setup. There is a "Knowledge Base" page that covers a lot of the products and answers to a lot of questions about various products and configurations; I found it to be very helpful. Pulled from LinkSys Web Site: ---------------------------------------- The Linksys Dual-Band Wireless A+G PCI Adapter installs in most desktops and lets you put your computer almost anywhere in the building, without the cost and hassle of running network cables. Now you don't have to drill holes in your walls and climb through the attic or cellar to get connected to the network. Once you're connected, you can keep in touch with your e-mail; access the Internet, use instant messaging to chat with friends, and share files and other resources such as printers and network storage with other computers on the network. The Dual-Band Wireless A+G PCI Adapter connects you with Wireless-A (802.11a) and Wireless-G (draft 802.11g) networks at an incredible 54Mbps! And for added versatility, it can also interoperate with all the 11Mbps Wireless-B (802.11b) products found in homes, businesses, and public wireless hotspots around the country. And whichever mode you choose, your wireless communications are protected by up to 152-bit encryption, so your data stays secure. Features of the product: -------------------------------- One adapter connects to either 2.4 GHz (802.11b or draft 802.11g) or 5 GHz (802.11a) networks Advanced security features with up to 152-Bit WEP encryption Detailed monitoring and performance utility IEEE 802.11a, 802.11b and draft 802.11g compliant System Requirements (Minimum): --------------------------------------------- 200MHz of Faster Processor 64MB RAM Available PCI Slot CD-ROM Drive Windows 98SE, Me, 2000 or X 
