I love this pan. It's a 10 + in my eyes. When it arrived I washed it with mild soap and water. Dried it, sprayed cooking spray and filled it with my cake batter and popped it in the preheated oven. 37 minutes later a gorgeous cake was baked. I turned the pan over on a wire rack and my cake fell right out without one crumb stuck in the pan. I'm going to give this pan as gifts in the future. This cake design is especially lovely when you dust the cake with powdered sugar and cinnamon.............. 
nay more than just a jar catcher, use it to scramble egges. with cheese etc............... 
The design is ok. Nothing fancy, nothing different, it looks just like any other teakettle. It works fine. The handle doesn't get hot, and the whistle isn't too loud. I gave it one star because of the black goo that came inside. I washed it before using it, and after the water was done boiling, I saw little black particles floating in the water and the water smelled weird. The smell may have been caused by that black stuff. I washed the pot again and saw more black stuff coming out. I took one piece and noticed it was gooey. I checked if there was something that had melted when I boiled the water, but I saw the kettle was intact. I boiled more water and again I saw the black goo floating in the water. I have boiled water 7 times and have washed the pot 4 times, and there is still goo floating in the water, they are almost unnoticeable, like very tiny dots, but they are there. At least the funny smell is gone. I don't know what that black goo is or what's causing it or where it's coming from. I'm afraid it may contain dangerous metals or chemicals that can be harmful. If I keep seeing black goo, I'm sending it back. I think I've learned my lesson. When it comes to buying cookware, it's better to buy good quality. It's not worth jeopardizing your health to save a few bucks. Update: After washing it two more times and boiling water one more time I got rid of the goo. And I've noticed that the handle gets very hot when I fill it all the way up 
It's a very good cooker. I can save my cooking time. 
These knives are terrible! The eversharp edge is finely serrated and tears the steak leaving pieces of meat hanging on the edges. It rips the food instead of cutting it. I thought the Henckels name would be better than this. Don't waste your money 
After 5 washings, these towels still shed like a mother. Grrr 
These are great beer mugs! I ordered 4 sets of them for myself and 2 for my brother. The first thing I noticed when I received them was that they were thick and HEAVY. The bottom isn't completely solid, but has space for a small pocket of air when it's sitting on the counter. It's inconsequential though, because the glass in these mugs is as thick as you would want any of your thick glass beer mugs. When I saw how nice they were, I actually went back online and bought 2 more and their margarita set which was also rediculously cheap ($15 for 6 glasses and a picher). I've been recomending these mugs to all my friends that drink 
I have bought flannel sheets from Amazon before but they were from Martex and they were greate. But, these are just bad. They are too thin to start with, left lint all over the bed and even after washing they have left fuzzies all over the sheets, I cannot even explain how bad it is. I should have waited for another Martex deal 
After reading a recommendation from Consumer Reports I was excited to see this iron for less that the suggested price. In two days it arrived and I am very pleased with this iron. Although it is a bit heavier than my old one, the results were great. No tax? No shipping? No parking --- the best way to shop 
I purchased a custom collection of Calphalon tri ply pieces in the past six months, starting with smaller pans and working my way up. I am so IN LOVE with them. This everyday pan is a workhorse and you simply cannot beat the ease of cleaning. Once you get used to it, cleaning the stainless (versus nonstick) is just as easy - and better because it is dishwasher safe. Stainless versus nonstick is now my preference virtually all of the time. For skillet chicken, this is the absolute best you can do for a perfectly browned end result. I have one piece of All-Clad and I can tell you honestly that I PREFER the Calphalon tri ply to it - though ALL Clad is definitely exceptional. You will not regret this purchase. 
I like the two short handles versus the one big handle on other boilers. This is a little less obtrusive on the stovetop that the one handle design. It would not work well for sauces or other tasks where you need your other hand to wisk or stir. Works great on the flat top range and cleans up nicely. Highly recommend, but it seems to be out of stock often 
This knife has a great balance in your hand, good quality stainless steel, easy to sharpen and clean, as well as a comfy grip handle 
I finally gave up after trying three of the Hunter fans and got my money back. Even on the lowest speed, this thing rattles, shakes, and groans. I own five Hunter ceiling fans, which are great. This fan doesn't deserve the Hunter nameplate 
I have had this kit for 3 1/2 months and still no seeds have sprouted. The package does say it may take a few months though. You might consider getting a starter kit/set instead with potted plants 
i was looking for a non non-stick surface griddle to cook pancakes on and i got so much more. my husband and i are concerned about the effects of dupont coatings on our children's long term health (he is a doctor) so i have been searching for a stainless griddle for ages. finally, i happened upon cast iron as an option. i never really understood the benefits of cast iron and it seemed so high maintenance -- all the seasoning involved. i was also reluctant to use it because you are not supposed to really scrub it clean which goes against my personality. plus, where would i store my seasoned not so clean griddle when i was not using it. well, the thing is ... when am i not using it? (and when i am not i store it in my oven) i use it almost every day. the grill side works great for bacon, salmon, hamburgers, chicken--anything when i don't feel like firing up the grill. so far everything turns out perfect, not too dry. the griddle side is great for pancakes and eggs and truly non-stick without the chemicals of a coating to worry about. The bottom line is...I love this product more than any other kitchen item since my kitchen aid mixer (another love of mine). i plan to buy more as gifts for all my family and friends with gas stoves (I am not sure how well it works with electric eyes). truly a kitchen basic. if you are thinking of getting one, you should 
... and I don't even make Custard! *LOL* I just love these for small servings of ice cream, fruit, side dishes, etc. They are great with meals for anything that you don't want to mix with the other foods on your plate. They are perfect for snacks and desserts. They are great for things such as pickles, olives, chopped onions, relish, dips, etc. on a casual buffet or picnic table. They also work well for pre-portioning ingredients when making a complicated recipe or allowing younger kids to cook with you. The typical Pyrex glass which is thick and a bit heavy is perfect for my family because it holds up to less than gentle everyday use. I still want my children to learn to be careful with china and glassware, but I see no reason to be too 'precious' about everday dishware 
I have Cuisinart DLC-2011 Prep 11 Plus Food Processor for about a year and i wouldn't even think that i could use it so much. I've got additional discs and i can do anything. It's fast, it's reliable, it's really helpfull. I would probably ish to have a bigger size, but this one is ok and i didn't want to spend more. I've spent the difference in price on discs and discs holder. P.s. The disc for french fries doesn't work for frech fries, but it cuts real nucely for home fries and soop 
Well, "um" My dad has my first Calphalon pan. He stole it from me. ha, ha...He loves it to cook my mom breakfast. So, I needed a new one. This pan has a triple-coated nonstick interior - nothing sticks, it just slips around. Trust me, this is important when frying eggs. There is also a certain sound that seems to be unique to these pans. The food not only cooks well, it sounds good while it is cooking. Yeah, that sounds strange, but you will see what I mean. These pans just have a touch of class to them that is unequalled. The tri-ply stainless construction includes an aluminum core. It is meticulously crafted and the pan sits flat and doesn't move, even on the flat cooktops. The heat distribution is great. Flared Rim and sloped sides perfect for omelets or sauting Stay Cool Handle - very impressive, didn't even get warm 100% dishwasher safe This pan is also oven safe to 450 degrees, however they don't recommend you use this for broiler use as it will damage the nonstick surface of the pan. I was skeptical because on a flat cooking surface, many pans will actually start spinning. This pan just sat there and that was impressive. The base is completely flat and that is the beauty. You would be amazed at how many pans are not completely flat. Covered by a lifetime Warranty so they will repair or replace any item that is found to be defective. The Nonstick Calphalon Cookware is a real favorite for frying because nothing sticks! Made this cook smile! ~TheRebeccaReview.com 
I absolutely love this cutting board. It works well with most knives (don't use the serrated knives with tiny teeth). The board is very forgiving with repeated cutting. They are very heavy and very attractive. The only complaint I have is the paper packaging stuck to the board. I've bought 3 of these and I couldn't get all of the "glue" off any of the boards. I eventually just put the oil on the boards to protect them and that somehow helped get most of the sticky residue off. MIU France really needs to use something that will not permanently stick to the boards. I'd give it a 5 star if the sticky residue and paper came off easily 
The Black plastic looks a little odd. It's not glossy like the picture. It doesn't look really clean even after you clean it is the only way I can discribe it. I bought 2 of these for the office to replace our old ones because we burnt a Pop Tart and the rest of the building was less that thrilled that the Fire Department had to respond. This one is suppose to shut down if something gets stuck in it. Good Idea. But, the instructions still say not to cook Pop Tarts unattended anyway. Now they tell us. There is a toaster with a Pop Tart Logo, the Toastmaster 2035. If you want a laugh, read the review for that one. Bottom line, for the money, this toaster works great. I like the lift feature a lot. But, I'd buy the white next time 
Super Bark Free didn't work in the least to stop my nextdoor neighbor's dog's extremely irritating ear-piercing loud barking - he merely ignored it (though fortunately my neighbor was good about trying to keep the dog quiet). I'm mad that I wasted a lot of money on a totally ineffective product. If you decide to purchase Super Bark Free, be sure it's returnable for a full refund if it doesn't live up to its claims. And in the meantime, shop around for a more effective product 
My first Cuisinart 4-slice toaster developed a dangerous problem after the 3-month warantee period: it started heating when not turned on, and made strange clicking sounds. It never had toasted very well, and only toasted lightly on the darkest setting. To their great credit, Cuisinart replaced the toaster for the shipping cost alone (although it took 3 months). The replacement toaster also toasts very lightly, very slowly, but at least it's not an immediate fire hazard 
I've had this processor for about three months. On the first day, I decided to make bread, and the dough blade suddenly stuck to the machine. When I called customer service to help me figure out what I did wrong, they told me that occasionally, this processor's dough blade fuses to the machine. I couldn't even get the containers removed to pack up because everything was stuck together. Fortunately, the customer service rep was really nice and sent out a new one immediately. I received my second new processor, and tried to make cookies. This time, everything worked fine, and the machine is quiet. I can even talk on the phone when using this food processor. I'm just glad that they exchanged the first one so quickly 
After thoroughly checking toaster reviews and ratings (this got top ratings), I had to return it after several attempts to get it to produce evenly toasted bread. Very disappointing; my old Toastmaster (much less expensive) does better. 
This handheld vac works great. There is awesome suction and longevity. I had two dustbusters that didn't come close so I am now a convert. Only complaint is the stand used for charging. It's not easy to push vacuum into just the right spot 
Hi, We got this set one month after getting married, and guess what, it is the thing that we always wanted. It gives us the choices in pan sizes. and there are three more mixing bowls which come handy while cooking or storing left overs. The stockpots are wonderful, they are the used most of the times. The mirror polish is still intact, I think this is a wonderful thing that a newly wed should have. Its worth the price. Positive points: Food doesn't stick to the pots/pans You get varieties of sizes. Easy to clean. Looks smart. Negative points: I feel the handles are little delicate, so we have to give support if the stockpot is completely filled The mixing bowls are quite thin. Be careful while dumping it into sin 
This press doesn't seem to work well. The top browns much more quickly than the bottom. Clean up isn't all that easy. I was surprised by how small the grill surface was 
I was really excited to get the aluminum foil out of the bottom of my oven when I found this product, however, it didn't last very long. After less than two months use in my gas oven, this liner turned white and brittle because the non-stick surface had baked off! I have never baked above 425 degrees, so the claims that it will withstand 550 degrees are outlandish. Don't waste your money 
My dad originally bought one of these woks from lodge and we use it for everything. We can brown all sorts of meats for varying dishes. For Stir-frying it is incredible, nothing sticks to it and we don't have to worry about even cooking. I have recently purchased one for myself and I couldn't be happier with it. At less than 50 is is a great bargain. Another great use for it is deep frying. It is a tad heavy so do not try to pick it up and serve because it will very easily slip from your hands. Overall my favorite cooking tool ever 
I received these as a Christmas gift and am very pleased with them. They are very thin so it makes gripping things out of the oven a lot easier than with thick mitts - AND they'll take up less room in your drawer. Highly recommend - worth the extra money 
This machine is really a great invention - especially for those of us who have a tendency to spend on good tea and then screw up some part of the process that falls between the brewing and the first sip (for example, infusing the tea for too long). I think my tea will have more of a fighting chance with this new machine. The design is great - quite classy, and I think it will be great for entertaining (loved the way the tray that holds the machine could suddenly be converted into a serving tray for the well-designed tea pot and cups). Here is how it worked for me: You pour your loose tea in the infuser basket, fill the tank with water, select the strength of your beverage and turn it on. There's even a chance to choose which kind of tea you are brewing for optimal results (for example oolong or green). This nifty little machine will do the rest. It will even pour the tea in the tea pot! I'm finally enjoying my fine tea without the stress. It's almost like having a tea butler in my house! 
I was so excited to buy these sheets as my husband and I have 600 thread count sheets that we love. These, I DO NOT love so much. This is why: 1. They are increadibly stiff. I washed them 5 times before my first use and even tried vinegar and salt washes to soften them- it did not work. They are, however, softening as we sleep on them. 2. They are so wrinkley!! 3. They barley fit the bed. The description says that is fits extra deep mattresses but it is a STRUGGLE to get them on my bed. I just read consumer reports and they recommend that you buy between 400-600 thread count, they contend more than that is unnecessary for a soft, nice sheet. My 600 thread count sheets are much more soft and have very few wrinkles. Dont waste your money, buy something else 
AirBake products are horrible! I have used the cookie sheets multiple times and I have had nothing but problems. There products over-brown everything you cook and the food sticks no matter how well you grease the pans. I have better luck using my old cheap non-stick bakeware than AirBake. Buyer beware! If you do choose to buy this brand of products grease the pans generously and cut the bake time and oven temperature 
I have used the steamer once, and was disappointed at how long it took. The steam comes out weakly and splattered water on the garment several times. I was just trying to take the store creases out of a new pair of lightweight cotton trousers, and it took a lot of going over to get it done. I used to have a small hand steamer that put out a real blast of steam and worked much faster. This one will probably work on heavier material like drapes, but it will take a very long time. I wouldn't buy it if you plan to use it for anything other than very delicate items, and it seems like a lot of equipment to lug out for that job. A hand unit makes more sense to me, and you wouldn't have to maneuver that long hose. This is just one more large thing to store. I wish I could return it to Wal-mart, but will probably give it away and buy something that is easier to use 
I hate to iron and despise the cost of dry cleaning...so, I was really excited when I saw this steamer at CVS. It was reasonably priced and sounded wonderful. I was bragging about how much I loved this steamer after using it just once! It was easy and fast....then, the second time I used it---Water everywhere! Water started to spit and spray out of the (sealed and closed) base of the steamer. I had turned the top to the locked position...but, the black rubber ring (supposed to keep the thing sealed?) was all twisted up---explaining why it wasn't working. Well, I fixed that rubber thing back into place, but it still kept spraying boiling water. SO, right now it's sitting in the corner waiting to be thrown out. I'm very frustrated with this product, but love the way that clothes steamers work. It looks like I'm going to have to bite the bullet and buy an expensive one. But, how expensive should these things be? All they do is boil water and shoot it out of a nozzle, right? This product is a waste of time and money...I can't believe that there were any good reviews. 
Why would anyone rate these glasses more than 1 star if Amazon is refusing to credit for those broken in shipment 
I bought this for all sorts of uses in the kitchen and am very happy with the quality of the product. Kitchenaid consistently produces quality products. I use it when making bread to scrape it off the board to prevent sticking, for dividing the dough for rolls and loaves. Overall I'm very pleased with it 
While it worked, it worked great. But then it stopped working. Only 10 months of use. Ordered a new probe, but that didn't work. Now, it's just an expensive timer. Would've received three stars, but the Polder site and service not helpful. Will try the Taylor model, good luck with analog Taylor thermometers. Once you get used to these types of thermometers, it's hard to go back. The precision in cooking, especially for chicken and pork, can make a big difference 
I ordered the orange and the red. The colors were much more drab in person. The cumin is actually burnt orange from the 70s 
This was supposed to be the toaster to end all toasters. We had it for about 2.5 years, and now the toast brown on only one side. The outer heating elements still work. The inner elements work at about 1/3 capacity of the outer ones. We now turn our toast around after a couple minutes to cook the other side. Until we find the next toaster to end all toasters. This one was not it! 
Got this as part of a wedding gift and couldn't believe how strong and sturdy this is. I imagined if it fell out of the window of my kitchen into the street from the 2nd floor that it'd have a tiny scratch. It's a fine container, nice looking, and I'm glad I got it 
This machine is sure to disappoint a seasoned European-style coffee drinker (coffee as in beverage made from coffee bean, not a tall cup of Sanka as the term is used in the US). Admittedly, I'm really picky about my coffee, but $250 for this machine is ridiculous. I've had coffee from a $40 Krups machine that is better than that made by the EspressoPro. I use high-quality pods with this machine (Molinari, Lucaffe, and Miscela d'Oro) which guarantees consistency in other machines, but doesn't help with this machine. Here are my issues with the machine. 1. The thermoblock isn't effective. I HAVE to put water in my espresso cup and pop it in the microwave for 30 seconds before making an espresso or else my coffee will be lukewarm. Disgusting, even with high quality beans. Granted, unless your machine has a cup warmer, this is probably a good idea regardless of your machine, but with this machine, it is a REQUIREMENT, not an option, if you want hot coffee. Second, steamed milk is lukewarm on a good day. The same heating problem occurs with steaming milk. I called Capresso, and they said to check all the fittings. In fact, after much frustration (I'm not an idiot), I finally just sealed the connections with shrink tube, which leaves only two points where the connection could be weak. Still, I can't get HOT steam. What I do get is either lukewarm liquid milk, or cool, overly thick foam. In fact the foam is so unrefined and thick that it gives the impression that you could chew it. Nasty. 2. The frothing mechanism is gimmicky and not effective. A standard "frothing wand" is much better. The mechanism on this machine is ineffective, lacks true control, and requires an extra step over a standard wand to clean. As explained above, the heat is not sufficient, and the quality of foam is irregular and bad. I'm embarrassed to serve coffee from this machine to guests, let alone drink it myself. I just can't get over the heat issue. Nothing kills a good coffee than lack of heat. This point is so important, if you take a gander at the Francis! Francis! X1 (and professional machines), there's a thermometer right on the front of the machine (and no, it's not purely an esthetic design issue since you can put several types of gauges/switches on an espresso machine--like a pressure gauge). The low heat generated results in really thick, solid foam. When I have guests, I just heat milk on the stovetop and use a handfrother instead of using the EspressoPro's lame mechanism. Second, the way you adjust the foamed milk to steamed milk ratio is not effective. A little gate is regulated by the user through a twisting tab. It's just not good design. Since the milk actually passes through the machine and is heated internally by the machine, you can't really "work" the milk. A wand offers direct control and offers immediate visual response to whether you're getting foam or hot milk. You know dried milk that collects on your steaming wand? Well, that's now inside your EspressoPro. With a traditional wand, you just wipe the wand with a wet rag. With this machine, you need to run hot water through the frothing mechanism (BEFORE you do this you need to wait for the block to heat up again). Plus, there's so many little pieces that need to be kept clean, it's a pain. What a bad design! 3. 18 Bar? Yeah, right. This machine also doesn't generate enough pressure to develop nice crema. Granted, I use pods, but still, a certain amount of crema is expected. This machine produces a thin, insufficient amount of crema. The lack of sufficient pressure probably has to do with the poor thermoblock. I really can't recommend this machine. For $250, just go get a Krups or Braun. Better yet, spend $50 more and get an entry level Gaggia or Saeco. With this machine you're paying for looks and a gimmicky, ineffective frothing mechanism. This hunk o' junk is now buried deep in the back of my kitchen cabinet, as I truly would not feel right pawning this machine off on someone else. It is now appropriately "retired" from service, and I now enjoy perfect coffee every day from my Saeco Vienna Superautomatica. Now that's a machine, baby 
I folowed the instructions and found that the coffee was very weak so I experimented with differint grinds and filter no filter. I found not useing the paper filter and grinding the coffee expresso and stoping the water when it starts to look pale makes a med. strong cup. A lot of work for a decent cup. I still think that my old krups drip makes a great cup. I will keep trying other alternets to the pods becous there very expensive. I am waiting for some one to start manufacturing a home pod maker. that you can fill seel at home 
Emile Henri has a superb line of table ware and these coffe mugs are no exception. Brilliantly hued and durable. 
I recieved this cake plate a couple weeks ago. it's very heavy and well made. it came boxed extra well. The box was inside another box surrounded by air bags. There was no way this thing was going to be broken. I am happy with my purchase 
I just got it today and can't wait to cook something in it. It is very good looking, larger than I expected and very deep. I will be cooking everything in it from now on 
Just what I needed to cut veggies for my daily salads. Saw one similar on a popular cooking show but that one was $40.00 more! This works just as well I'm sure and such a cool color! It's easy to find in a drawer or my "wooden spoon jug" where I keep all odd utensils. It is a little light weight, but after going through carpal tunnel surgery, I don't think I need one much heavier. Fast shipping and great packaging as well. Another great find from Amazon 
My slow cooker works perfectly and looks great too. The little dipper that came with it has proven to be a very nice bonus. I had not expected to use the little dipper but really enjoy hot sauces 
I really wanted a 5-quart pot and wouldn't want to spend a lot of $$$. This turned out to be a great buy. It is a very good quality product. The non-stick surface seems very well coated. It's very versatile for us (a family of 4). I am very pleased and satisfied with the product 
We had the original Hamilton Beach brewmaster and loved it. We like this one even better, although it takes longer for the coffee to brew. I don't think I could ever go back to a regular coffee maker. 
My Joyce Chen bowls arrived perfectly packed and in excellent shape. The individual boxes themselves were sturdy and have extra cushioning inside, spoon and chopsticks were wrapped separately. My son is addicted to Ramen Noodles and serving them in these bowls takes it up a notch. I love the chopsticks that come with the set. They have grooves at the tip that serve to hold slippery noodle better than anything I have ever seen. These noodle bowls make a 15 cent meal look so special and I wouldn't hesitate to order more as gifts 
I felt disapointed with the quality of this bake set. The grill cover started to desapair, and the last time I cooked a stek using this set, the paint sticked to the meat, leaving black spots. It started to show deteriorazion and everytime I washed I have to dried it up immediately otherwise mark of rust starts to show soon. The deep pan it is ok, perhaps because I did not used that piece with the same frequency. I never used metal utensills or harsh detergents durig the cleaning, I always leave it in hot water first and later do the cleaning, to avoid scratches. Thank you for your attention Nilda 
The pepper lid seemed a little loose and I worried that it would fall off, dumping pepper everywhere. I probably would have kept them anyway because they are nice looking and a decent price, but I couldn't get the lid off the salt shaker at all 
These silicone pot holders are indeed brightly colored, easy to wash in the dishwasher, and protective even when wet. They are also clumsily stiff at the same time as they are slippery, the net result being a miserable failure in the kitchen. They are useful for protecting a counter from a hot pot, but not for picking the hot pot up 
Is this some sort of sick joke? Are you purposfully trying to be politically incorrect or WHAT!? Making fun of sombody's disability like that is not funny and can produce long term mental anguish. If you're not careful, I'm going to take you to court 
I was very unhappy with this product. I ordered several cannisters and 3 out of 5 cracked after the first use!!! I did everything that they recommended and they all cracked in the same manner. The people at Foodsaver were very happy to replace them because they are under "warranty" but I am surprised to see how fragile this product is. FYI, they will not warranty the products sold on E-Bay. I should have listened to the reviews and not taken a chance on this product. 
These knives are excellent quality. They hold an edge and are well balanced. This OXO set is a real bargain. Other than a butcher knife, this set is all most households will ever need. It's is a natural for a wedding gift 
The silverware is extremely nice - compared to other I bought elsewhere. They are polished for a nice feel, and combined with the weight, this makes for pleasure while eating. Also, saving more than 50% from the original price is awesome!! : 
To whom it may concern. Cheap assembly, binds up on internal hardwear, does not press fully, all in all, very poor product. You would be better off hand squeezing with you hand than you would with this item...Run 
When I bought this item I attempted to test it in hot water. My only comparison was another grocery store thermometer which wasn't accurate. It appeared to register better than the grocery store model. However, when using it to make chocolate fudge, by the time it registered 225 degree's, the fudge was thickening in the pan, not a pretty sight. I used it correctly and it has been stored according to manufacturers direction. It has a 5 year Limited Warranty for replacement. I don't feel it's worth the trouble to send back as I don't want another of this brands products, ever. It's going in the garbage as I attempt to find an accurate, well calibrated candy thermometer 
I bought this thinking I would be able to regulate the size, (I have had my other coffee grinder for 10 yr. still works), to say it is loud is an understatement, 1st thing in the AM. I had it about 2 weeks, when I noticed it was hot to the touch, and it no longer worked, mind you I had not used it in 2 days, and had moved it to clean. I have not contacted them at this point, but do not want a replacement, and a part of me is glad it broke, so I don't have to listen to the noise anymore 
I purchased this press to supplement a larger 8-cup model. The press allows just under one standard size mug to be filled. If you also are looking for a mug's worth of coffee, I would recommend purchasing the 4-cup model as that would leave just a bit more room, and keep more of the small grindings in the press, rather than in the bottom of my cup. Also, it should be noted that Bodum sells the spare parts for this press (right here on Amazon, in fact), so if you should break it, a few dollars will get you back in Java! Another note, some people have mentioned that dumping the grindings proves problematic as you can't just put them down the drain (plugs up your trap). I have found an easy solution in using the plastic and wire mesh grind basket of my last automatic coffee maker as a strainer. I just pour the bit of water and grinds out of the press and into the basket (which I leave in the sink), and allow the water to run off. Then I pour shake the dry coffee into the trash. No fuss, and the basket is dishwasher safe for the occasional cleaning 
Initially, my dogs found the sound interesting and slowed down on barking, but after a couple of days they acted like they didn't even hear the sound. Now, they are back to "bark all you want" 
Like most reviewers, I found these glasses to be elegantly modern and sleekly minimalist. Like a number of other reviewers, I found that one of my glasses leaked. Unlike one other reviewer, I was unable to eliminate the water between the glass' walls in the microwave, and when I tried to do so the glass became very hot because of the steam produced. To my mind, elegance of form can never compensate for a failure of functional design. 5 stars for form, 1 star for function: 2 stars total. Addendum: I liked the form of these glasses so much that I bought two more at my local coffee house, knowing that if either leaked I could easily return it. Neither did, and they're a pleasure to use. I recommend local, rather than web, purchase 
The dishes came quickly and were in perfect condition. The introductory offer of an Amazon.com credit card allowed me to get a $40 discount and I've been using it since for the reward points. Great doing business with you 
I adore this flatware! The weight, the clean lines, and beautiful shape! However, it only gets 4 stars because the knives develop rust spots when put in the dishwasher. To prevent rusting, I have to hand wash them. Admittedly, it's inconvenient and not something everyone wants to do. The spoons and forks seem to do just fine in the dishwasher so I don't know what's wrong with the knives. I'm assuming they're made differently. Gourmet Settings, the manufacturer, does have a warranty on the flatware so if you buy this set you may want to, or have to, make use of this 
Really nice bowl with cover. It mushed up the tomatoes and the safety handle you hold on to broke on the second use. It does however make very thin slices 
This is NOT Caphlon!!! You can buy this at Bed Bath and Beyond for $10 !! 
I like this product. Quality is very good. I use it for other things besides marinating. Store homemade cookies in it, left over soups and stews, etc. I am glad I bought it. 
Hey, not to be too redundant but this really is a good Can Opener. I have NO problems with it, my wife, who always has problems with can openers has "some" problems "sometimes" using it but as she NEVER could get any of the others to ever work this is a big improvement. The knife sharpener is an okay touch, however, if you have good knives I wouldn't use it. I sharpen by hand with an "Edge Pro" but hey, it's a CAN OPENER. It will sharpen a knife I just wouldn't put my $100 Schaaf "Golden Hamster" through, maybe my Chicago for a quick fix 
This chopper, if you can call it that, is terrible. I've tried chopping all kinds of foods from veggies to fruit to nuts to cheese. I've tried filling up the bowl, half full and barely anything at all. It doesn't chop. Plain and simple it just doesn't chop the food. I've had pieces of vegetables get stuck on the blade. Then, I'd have to stop and remove the piece and try again. It started to chop a little a couple of times, but then just stopped and the blade kept spinning while chopping nothing. It was horrible and I've opted now for a bigger 7 cup Kitchen Aid or Cuisinart processor based on reviews here. Lesson learned, you get what you pay for 
I have spent thousands of dollar's, On Meyers cookware everthing from KitchenAid, Anolon, Prestige, Faberware, Circulan, just to name a few. Though Meyers does manufacture very high quality pots pans and I would recommend them to anyone it's just sad that if you have any problem with them, under warranty, you have to go throught the chain of command, that never gets you anywhere, even if you want to speak with upper management about the rudeness of the customer service department. Their customer service department employees are always very rude and snotty and they act like they are doing you a favor to even talk to you about their products. Don't get me wrong they do make good cookware, probably the best, but you as the consumer are at the mercy of their customer service and their descision or your fait on wheather your life time warranty is honored or not 
These oval dishes are just the right size for sides, and they stay warm a very long time besides looking great. I have served mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes, all kinds of squash and even bay and sea scallops; everything looks better in these. Also bought several for my children. A fine addition to your Le Creuset collection 
I got this pan set a few years ago. I love making checkerboard cakes--they are so simple with this set. You can use boxed mixes, but I find the thicker consistency of the sample recipe makes a more distinct checkerboard design. My favourite variation is to make blue and pink for baby showers instead of brown and white. (I make the white cake and just use food colouring). 
Bought it two months ago, used it only twice and suddenly it stopped working within a week. Called manufacturer, got return label, sent in for replacement, but three weeks passed and I still have not received anything. So I called them on Nov 17, 2006, and was told they don't have this model in stock. The worst part is that they also said they do not know when it will be ever in stock, maybe tomorrow or may in a year. I wish I had tried to return it to Amazon rather than called manufacture for return/replacement. Do not buy this model!!! and maybe we should not buy any Breadman branded products at all since the customer service from manufacturer is astonishingly bad. 
First, the good stuff: this peeler is sharp, requires little effort in peeling away even the toughest skins and seems quite durable. I like having it, but I'm also holding on to my cheap little Oxo peeler for a couple of reasons: first, the Rosle produces very thick peels, which is a bit wasteful. Second, I tend to be a switch hitter in terms of peeling direction and really like having a peeler that can either peel toward me or away from me. The Rosle peels in only one direction and thus sells both a right-handed and left-handed peeler. That said, I do appreciate its sold stainless steel construction, which will resist rust for many more years than lesser models 
I really love these bed sheets. From the moment I got them I put them on my king size bed and I almost didn't want to take them off to wash them. They are very comfortable and of a very good quality. The fitted sheet does have deep pockets indeed so they stay attached to the matress even after several days of use. I am very pleased with this product 
Braun makes the best coffee makers and this feature makes it even better. The coffee tastes more smooth because of this filter. I love it 
We bought this Cuisinart coffee maker after reading the reviews of every single thermal carafe/10-12cup coffee maker out there (our previous Krupps had stopped working, and the current Krupps model got bad reviews). We have been completely happy with this Cuisinart thermal one - great coffee, easy to use, very hot - no complaints at all 
Well reviewed on amazon but this kettle is lacking. The copper does, indeed, boil water fast; and that's the job of a kettle, I admit. However, the button/trigger that opens the spout is too close to the steam and you're forever guarding your fingers and shying away from the kettle. As you tilt the kettle to pour, you're also tilting the steam nearer to your fingers. It's uncomfortable at best and searing at worst. While you learn how to not get scalded, this kettle is always at least slightly irritating. There are better kettles around 
I can't believe how fast I received my pizza stone and the way it was packaged was great. I've use pizza stones before and loved the way they even out the heat in the oven and the cripy crust that it gives. I'll very happy with my purchase 
Pyrex is always the best! This enormous measuring cup is great for melting in the microwave and for a homemade double boiler in any pot. The lid is a hard plastic top with flexible sides that seal up tight so you can use it to store things in the fridge and to carry things places. Also the cover is safe for both freezer and microwave use (but not the oven) and is dishwasher safe in the top rack. The cover has three pouring choices, a regular pour spout, a slotted spout, and a spout with seven little holes. An extremely useful item to have in the kitchen 
I bought one of these for my daughter for Christmas and I got this particular one because it had all the attributes she wanted. She wanted it to be small ehough for just two people and to be able to remove the bowl for cleaning. This was the ONLY one I found with those attributes. There were 1 qt. size that were too little and all the bigger ones for big families. After she got it she liked it so well that I bought one for myself and it works perfectly. I think the size for a small family and the ease of cleaning are the real selling points for me 
After very little use one of the glasses inner lining broke and is unusable 
This steamer fits perfectly on Cuisinart's 4 Qt saucepan. The lid seals in every bit of steam. I used to always have to add more water when steaming batches of corn-on-the-cob, but since no steam escapes here, I can make several batches non-stop. I also like the fact that the steamer is wide; that means that the food will cook evenly (instead of other steamers where the stuff at the bottom gets overcooked and the stuff at the very top gets undercooked). I've only used the steamer five or six times but so far, there's practically no sign of dullness or staining - maybe just a little sign of dullness, but I'm more interested in function than appearance. Washing it immediately will keep it stain-free. Overall, an incredible deal for $20.00 
I use Calphalon commercial hard anodized and wanted to try out stainless steel. This pan seemed the ideal way to do it, given the price and the manufacturing pedigree (All-Clad). The first time I used it I fried ham and scrambled eggs in it using less than 2 Tbsp of butter. Very little stuck to it, and clean up was about as easy as a non-stick pan. Use a Dobie pad as recommended and you'll have no problems. I won't trade my Calphalon for stainless, but having said that, it looks great, heats evenly, and cooks like a champ. Well worth the $20. Give it a try and leave the Wear-Ever non-stick behind 
Despite my by-the-book care of these knives, I still get rust stains that are nearly impossible to get off. I do not have that problem with other knives in my collection, but these clean up like cheap steel. Not very attractive, and you don't want to eat with them 
Once upon a time, not too long ago, they made and sold fat separators that permitted the juice to flow out from the bottom of the separator. This meant that the cook could harvest all of the juice, plus the tasty bits, instead of, as with this product, having to strain the sauce first (for the bits) and then sacrifice some of the sauce (a small amount to be sure), lest the fat start to flow through the spout as well. This product is really just a step away from spoon and ice cube, and not a big step, considering that it's not a complete solution. If the cooks's purpose were to collect the fat--e.g., chicken schmalz--free from juices, it would present the same problems 
Having gone through our share of toaster ovens in 22 years of marriage, this is by far the best. It's classy looking on the counter, easy to clean, very lightweight, quiet and has alot of options for toasting and baking that make the food come out just as it should. I can't imagine going back to a traditional toaster oven again. 
Darling tea pot. Beautiful colors! Serves several people. Just lovely 
The holes are really small. This grater is suitable for hard cheeses like Romano, but forget using it for a softer cheese like cheddar. 
I encounter too much resistance when trying to pull towel out for tearing. There is so much resitance that the base moves, unless I perform the procedure with both hands. 
The tea press works fine if you are planning on serving a crowd. For one or two people, it simply doesn't work. You must add an enormous amount of tea for the press to work properly. I once had a smaller tea press, and I thought that was what I was purchasing here. 
This pot rocks. You'll fall in love with it the first time you cook with it. It browns well, cleans easily, and goes from the stove to the oven to the table in style. My only complaint is that mine arrived slightly chipped, but the chips don't seem to affect its performance, so I didn't send it back 
I wish I had read the review by Mary Twain before purchasing the Pro Form Rose Bundt. Because it was made by Nordic Ware, I thought it would be the same as the cast aluminum but it's not. Don't be fooled b/c the cake will not look like a rose. The pan is more shallow the ring is bigger than the cast aluminum. Since I only paid $9.99 for this, I didn't want to waste paying for shipping to get a refund 
This percolater makes great coffee and I was very happy with it until it broke within two years. Actually the first thing that broke was the little plastic knob on the top. I called the company and they were very nice about it. They quickly sent me a replacement part. I thought, what a great company. Then when it would not work one morning just a little over two years after I bought it I called them again. They explained that it was no longer under warranty (I think I missed the warranty term by a month or two.) They offered that I could purchase a refurbished one from them for about half the price of the original (I paid about $70.00, a refurbished one was, I think, $35.00) but it came with no warranty and I'd have to pay shipping. I was very, very disappointed. Thankfully, I had my old drip coffee maker in the attic. I pulled that out and have been using it although it does not make as good a cup of coffee as this percolator did. This product should have lasted me years. I am looking for another good cordless percolator but would not consider another product by this company. I gave it the two star rating instead of one because it did truly make a good cup of coffee but the two year life is just not worth the cost 
This steamer was only useful to get the wrinkles out of clothes that had been really balled up... it gets them to a state where you can IRON them more easily, but basically saturates with the steam so the fabric is damp. Sure there is technique to learn, but I spent a good long time on several different items. It heats up quick and produces steam well etc, but it performed far below what I thought were reasonable expectations. It also has a low hanger so you constantly have to extend the hose to let the condensation run back down or else get gurgling and low output. I returned it, amazon was good about that, and the return shipping was less than what amazon charged me in the first place 
You look at them in a picture frame.....the fish are crammed in there 
i bought this little percolator in order to brew the homemade coffee my grandma gave me. it works great. perfect size, easy to use and easy on the eyes. for the beginners (like me) it does take a couple of trial runs to get the perfect cup of coffee (a measuring spoon would have been nice). but it's all well worth it to get a break from starbucks 
There isn't much you say about a plasic cover, but I'll try... These covers fit securely over the bowl for kepting whatever you're mixing fresh. You can also store anything in it like it was a tuperware (spelling?) item. I'd recomend having them around, because you'll use them! These are for the 4 1/2 quart bowl and are dishwasher safe 
I VERY MUCH ENJOYED THIS UNIT WHEN IT WAS NEW IT DID EVERYTHING THAT WAS STATED ON THE BOX.However, I now need to replace the IFD filter due to the accumulation of nicotene on it and can not find one anywhere. I purchased two units at once for around $450.00.If I had used them in a "dust" atmosphere they would still be great! Honeywell should have tested on Nicotene and smoke odors before touting the phrase permanent in reference to smoke and nicotene. I am sadly disappointed in a company, who over the years, I have purchased many of their products 
I read all of the reviews and thought this was the paper towel holder for me. Boy, was I wrong. It looked beautiful when it arrived and I couldn't wait to use it. Well, I put on my first roll of paper towels and pulled one off. The racheting system worked ok until it came towards the end of the roll. The racheting stopped and jammed and the paper towels ripped in half instead of where they were supposed to. I am going back to the old paper towel holders that just have a stick holding the roll and not a racheting whisk like bar. Jesh, all I want is a paper towel not aggravation. Which is what I got with this item 
Hi, I usually don't complain about the products that I buy because I consider myself a savvy consumer, but in this instance I was dubbed big time! A few years ago, we received a Krups coffee maker as a wedding gift and we love it! However, this particular toaster rarely worked. In fact, I would say that 85% time it would either not toast or would "flip" the toast prematurely e.g. 5 second or less. I have no idea if this is a fluck in quality control or not, but I highly recommend buying a different toaster. I know, I thought, Krups makes a toaster? Wow, I'll buy it, after all how hard can it be for a German company to manufacture functional a toaster? Well, evidently, they have issues. 
I have used this pan 3 times, twice to cook meat. It does not brown; the meat stick to the pan. I made stuffed artichokes last night and even though I used olive oil and water to begin the steaming process, the pan was a mess to clean. I have never had any problems with Myers anodized pans, 18/10 pans or,of couse, teflon. I'm not sure what this pan will be useful for but I believe I will only use it for vegetables or rice 
and when i requested a return amazon said they would send me a return label, but didn't. nor did they respond to my email advising i never received the return label. this is my last order from amazon 
Rack stores easily, sets up quickly and provides drying space for double batch of noodles, spag, etc 
Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other products. Le Creuset casts these cooking vessels from molten iron poured in sand moulds that are used only once. For this reason, one pot may look like another, but each is unique in its own way. Cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat efficiently. It is recommended that cooking with cast iron is done on low to medium heat. However, there are exceptions like boiling water where cooking on high heat is appropriate and okay. Remove cast iron from the heat and it does not cool off quickly. This heat retention helps your food stay warm while serving. Beware; iron tends to be heavy so are these cooking vessels. Cast iron is an effective material for cooking so why cover it with enamel? Iron tends to rust; iron oxide (rust) doesn't add any complimentary flavors to your food. If your cast iron cooking vessel was not enameled, you would have to season and maintain your cooking vessel. Adding the porcelain enamel not only looks good, but has multiple benefits. The enamel, being a solid coating, is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on, does not stain, absorb odors, retain flavors, and is easy to clean. The enamel can be damaged, so limit cooking tools to plastic or wood. The benefits of cooking with Le Creuset cast iron are many, but lets get down to the buffet casserole specifically. The buffet casseroles are one of the most versatile pieces in the Le Creuset lineup. Use this pan as a saut pan, a roasting pan, for poaching, or as a shallow braiser. The 3.5 quart capacity can is plenty of space when it comes to casseroles, so consider your recipes when determining the size you need. The buffet casserole tends to do best if at least three quarters full. Any less and you may overwhelm your food with the evenly dispersed heat in the pot. With a large flat bottom that curves up this pan resembles a curved sided saute pan the only thing missing would be a long handle. The tight fitting lid is mostly flat with curved sides. This lid seals in heat, moisture, and flavors and can be used to hold your meat while you are making a sauce from the drippings. Its shape and design makes this an extremely versatile pan. I tend to use this pot for basic dishes like smothered pork chops more than anything else. But once you get past the basic functionality that lends itself to recipes such as paella, frittatas, deep dish pizza, and casseroles, you can really open up the possibilities. Keep in mind this is a 3.5 quart pan, feeding two out if it is ridiculous unless you want leftovers. It is probably the perfect size for a family of four in most cases. Try baking pineapple upside down cake or bread pudding for when you need to please many guests, poaching fish, or Mac and Cheese. The possibilities almost seem endless. One feature that people tend to complain about is the cost. The cost does seem steep compared to other pans made from other materials. Heck, cast iron doesn't seem like it should be expensive when comparing to that old cast iron pan past generations have used for cornbread and camping. However the manufacturing process requires making a mould for each and every pan produced. They then go through the enameling process before shipping these heavy pans. If you take what goes into making and distributing these high quality cast iron products, the cost tends to make sense. Then consider that this pan will easily last a lifetime when taken care of. PROS: Extremely versatile Efficient absorption and distribution of heat Hygienic enamel cooking surface Does not stain, absorb odors, or retain flavors Easy to clean when not abused or misused Can be transferred from stove top to the oven to the table Can easily last a lifetime CONS: Its heavy, as cast iron tends to be weighing in at about 12.25 pounds 
After getting the teakettle in January, I had to stop using it by June. The kettle was leaking water all over the kitchen counter and at time it would not turn off by itself. Delongi sent me a new kettle to replace the one that was broke but it was a model only worth $80.00. When I ask about the $50.00 difference in price of the two teakettles I was told they covered their warranty and I'm out of the $50.00. I won't be buying anymore of Delongi products! 
With 3 different speeds you think you would able to make a shake or smoothie in this machine with no problems right? Nope, I am always running into problems with ice getting stuck around the blade assembly, and I do mean stuck! I have not had this blender for very long, and I really don't use it very often either so there is no reason I should be told my blades are probably dull - its not like I was making a brick smoothie! AHH.. Also why does the lid stain so easily - I have never made anything that contains purple in my blender ans now my lid is permantly that color! The best thing I can say about this is that it is heavy so it stays put, and the lid has a really tight seal which is not good if you have limited mobility in your hands. I have since purchased a differnt brand and have no problems! Looks the mixer is the only thing KitchenAid has perfected 
I've stir fried in this pan quite a few meals, including carmelizing onions with soy sauce. When used with medium heat, cleaning is very easy. Soaking it for a few minutes and then scrubbing with scotch bright for a minute works. I've done this also with high heat, it needed more scrubbing but after a few minutes it looked new. If you don't mind the extra scrubbing, as I don't, you'll be happy with a healthier alternative to non-stick pans. My experience shows that with a few minutes of scrubbing the advantages of nonstick can be matched even in the worst case scenario. I'm a bit ambivalent about the size. I cook for myself and thought 9" would suffice, but I didn't take into account the fact that I cook for 2-3 days at a time. This pan is a bit too small in that capacity. On the other hand, my stove top is tiny so it fits fine. The handle is beautiful and well designed. I have no problem holding the pan even when full in one hand and it's well insulated. In contrast, I also own the Simply Calphalon sauce pan with a handle that's barely suitable for the weight. The quality of this pan is evident. All in all, a very high quality product that will serve me for years 
No picture can really do these glasses justice. They have nothing aesthetic in common with any other double-walled cup I've ever seen--elegant, minimalist, super clear and light as a feather. They really keep stuff cold (or hot, as the case may be). They're even dishwasher safe. However, they are remarkably fragile. I accidentally rapped a spoon on the lip of one and within half an hour, the little crack had spread and the glass was in fragments. But if you're careful with them and keep them away from kids, animals, and, apparently, me, they will serve you well 
I can fill up this little tea pot and in less than five minutes have enough hot water to make four cups of tea. No guessing the temperature as is often the case with heating water in microwaves. And the automatic shut-off makes it great for the office 
I bought this blender to make pie pastry, and I was thoroughly disappointed. The wires don't cut because they just widen and the pieces of butter slip through..I spent a lot of muscle to obtain a very poor result. The handle is nice but it just doesn't get the job done 
Dont plan on cutting anything you need a sharp knife for. Other than that, it's ok 
I received four of these etched glass goblets for Christmas. They are absolutely beautiful and now are my favorite pieces in my set of winterberry pfaltzgraff dishes. They are a must to add to your collection 
This peeler is amazing, and really inexpensive. I am really please with how easily it takes the skin off of cucumbers, carrots, etc. This is definetly a great item 
The tea kettle is inexpensive, but I'd spend more to get a tea kettle that whistles and also has a top that flips open from the handle instead of one where you have to manually pop it off. In addition, the handle gets hot, and you need an oven mitt to hold it 
How durable can a pan be that arrives in pieces inside the box? I can't imagine breaking my old cast iron frying pan...this one had a huge chunk out of the side. I sent it back and will look for a better quality item. Shame on Mario for endorsing this thing 
I expected the dishes to be more substantial. The plates are very light and thin, more like melamine in feel. The colors on the dinner plates and bowls are like in the pictures seen on the internet so they are what I expected. Very disappointed with the cups- I bought two sets, and only 1 of the 8 cups had ALMOST the same color intensity as the dinner plates-the others were so faded (kinda like when your color cartridge in your computer is outta ink) they looked like, either rejects,or they had gone through a heavy load dishwash 100 time 
The can has to be 100% dent free for this to work. If you have even a tiny imperfection in the shape of the can, this thing won't open your product. A great idea, but this needed a little more refinement. Paper weight in my min 
The French-made Roul'pat, like its cousin the Silpat, is a flexible silicon mat enclosing a thin, fiberglass mesh for durability. The Roul'pat is designed for creating a non-skid work surface for rolling out and kneading dough. The tacky surface adheres to the counter without clinging to the dough, making it easier to roll out thin pastry crusts and the like. Because the mat is flexible, the transfer of a pie crust to pan is a cinch. Dipped chocolates don't stick, nor does fondant. At sixteen and a half inches by twenty-four, the surface is expansive enough for most recipes. The only drawback to this unusual mat is the inability to cut on it, ruling out anything that requires a cookie cutter or knife. The manufacturer also warns against folding and scraping the surface. I find the Roul'pat works best on pie crusts, pizza dough, chocolate, and flatbreads (or any bread dough that requires rolling or shaping.) Clean up is simple - wipe with a damp sponge and rinse. Mild soap can be used if needed, although I try to keep the surface detergent free. (The Roul'pat is not dishwasher safe.) This makes a fantastic gift for cooks who seem to have everything 
This light is made of cheap plastic, has a faulty switch, and broke down within an hour of use. No good, waste of money, will not order from American Science again. Very bad experience. No response from company when I complained, would like my money back, and then some 
It looked like a great Idea, just what I needed to get my older golden in and out of my jeep. Problem is, there is a serious crush hazard because of the weight and design. There is a finger crush area near the hinges where a user would most likely grasp the ramp to fold it. I have mashed fingers several times and sustained a moderately serious crushed finger the last time I used it. If I can't make it safe with a saw, then out it goes. It's too dangerous for anyone in my family to use 
The Sango Splash line of dinnerware is gorgeous, no doubt about it. It's got a lovely combination of colors and textures and it feels great in the hand. So what's the problem? It chips. I've had a set of eight place settings plus various serving pieces and other extras for about two years. At last count, there were five pieces with chips and one cracked cup. That doesn't say much for the set's longevity, especially since I don't use these every day. 
This is a super convenient item. I don't lock it so messing with the lock is not an issue. The lock could probably be a little more user friendly. It stores everything just great. It keeps the dust off of my Cuisinart goodies. I have another three-blade disc holder too. That one came with my Cuisinart. This one is a must-have. 
I used this dough blender for not even 6 months, and the handle snapped! (mind you, I am not a pastry chef, so I was not using it everyday. I used it a handful of times.) I understand it has a 5 year warrenty, so i will try to get it replaced. I have to say that it worked great before it broke 
I have several of these pieces in various sizes and colors. I cook and serve in them all and they clean up beautifully. I highly recommend them 
not incredibly impressed with it, but it does keep me warm for the price i paid. 
I have owned my fair share of indoor grills, from a Foreman grill to a really heavy grill pan which I ordered through Amazon. Not too long ago I recently acquired the Calphalon grill pan because my Foreman grill is too small if I want to cook a piece of meat and some vegetables at the same time. Plus the black coating on my Foreman grill is wearing out. So I bought the Calphalon grill pan when it was on sale at a local department store. I haven't been able to get enough of it. It is so easy to clean even when I had cooked a piece of meat that was marinated in Italian dressing or in my own concoction of ground fennel seed, garlic, shallots, and extra virgin olive oil. The marinade will of course stick to the grill which is expected however cleaning it off the grill pan was so much easier than my last grill pan which was heavy and difficult to clean because it wasn't non-stick. I also like using the Calphalon grill pan because I can cook both the meat and vegetable (say asparagus) at the same time. The results are fabulous. I get those wonderful grill marks and grill taste. Although it is a bit big for this apartment dweller, I still consider this grill pan the best of all the indoor grills I have owned. Well worth the money too 
This is my third pair of kitchen shears. The first was $10 and lasted a week. I thought the second pair was just fine until my Shun shears arrived. These cut well and are also very smooth while cutting. They fit my hand nicely. I can really feel the difference in quality. These can perform different functions -- opening bottles, jar opener, nut cracker -- one blade has a curve in it to accomodate bone. I love that they are dishwasher safe. I probably wouldn't have purchashed these if I were not completing a Shun set. But now that I have them, this is what I should have been using all along 
Bought this item last Christmas for my wife. Worked fine until this Thanksgiving when rubber bulb split apart when basting turkey. She had complained when I bought this fancy one to replace her old ugly plastic one last year but I insisted this was better. Boy am I in trouble now. Old plastic one had lasted for 10 years and cost 1/10 as much. Did not look like much but it did the job 
I love the Rapid Ice Wine Coolers. I give them for token gifts and use them frequently myself. They are great for a spure of the moment glass of wine that needs chilling 
I purchased 3 units and they work well for us. I have 2 units in children's bedrooms on AC power and the 3rd in the kitchen on batteries for portability. The sound is clear and set-up and use is very easy. The best thing about these units is the VOX answer option. I have this option turned on in the kid's room and they merely have to answer back when I talk to them first without having to push the "talk" button. This is very handy when you are talking to a 3 yr. old that doesn't quite understand how to use this. I attached a large, very thin magnet on the back of my kitchen unit and I keep it on my fridge; but can bring it with me to other parts of the house if necessary. The only small annoying feature is every time the "talk" button is pressed, a beep occurs. But the other features outweight that small annoyance for me 
Maybe I just don't understand what this is supposed to do. KitchenAid attachments are usually wonderful enhancements to their basic appliances. But I haven't been able to create volume or foam in drinks with this attachment. Can't see that it does much more than a spoon, and certainly doesn't do as much as a plain wire whisk. It's not portable like those cheap, little drink mixers. When I'm at home, I have my immersion blender - a much better option for mixing liquids. Maybe this is good for something I haven't tried yet 
I have owned a lot of crappy toasters and actually haven't gotten another for the past 6 years. I've resorted to pan toasting in order to avoid another bad purchase. Finally got tired of so much effort for toast and broke down and got this toaster. It's so easy to use and it even defrosts frozen bread and can warm up an already toasted slice without retoasting. Worked amazingly well to heat a cold slice of pizza but I'm sure Braun is cringing if they read this! I love the little pull out tray, you don't have to pick up the whole darn thing and hold it over the sink and beat it to death! The toast comes out very even and perfectly toasted every time. Slots are wide too so a bagel is no problem. It is fast too, so you won't miss it not being a 4 slice toaster. I think you will be pleased with this great toaster, I am 
I had one a few months ago. When I filled in water, the water just passed the filter quickly. I was not sure if the water is filtered. One day, I wanted to clean it. I put it in hot water for about 10 minutes. The pitcher was out of shape and I had to discard it. I believe the pitcher was made from cheap materials. I sent an email to the custom no service of Brita. I got no response. I will not buy Brita products any longer 
FABULOUS!!! I purchased this as a gift for relatives who are very highly educated, worldy, well travelled, serious chefs, who've enjoyed coffee brewed all over the world (even Antarctica!). Needless to say, gift buying for them is tricky! When they got this, their Bodum decanter had just broken, so the timing was perfect...they love this model! Use it daily! In fact, they're so impressed, that they now order it from Amazon.com give it as a wedding gift to newly married couples in their social circle. Also note, there is a coordinating sugar creamer set available for purchase that matches perfectly, holds adequate volumes of sugar cream, makes a stunning table display. I already have a few Bodum sets, including the stainless steel insulated models, so I won't need another FP, but I also will give this Frieling model as a wedding/housewarming gift to coffee aficionados. 
I had heard that the shape of Riedel wine glasses enabled one to maximize the "nose" of a wine. How very true! I was amazed how much more of the wine's bouquet was immediately noticeable with these glasses. And, they feel great in your hands. I highly recommend them for wine enthusiasts 
I love this rice cooker! It replaced one I had for many years,and was sure I would never find another I liked as well. I was wrong. This rice cooker is absolutely the best. It has replaced the broken one hands down. The rice is perfect every time whether you make 2 servings or serve a crowd, it keeps it warm without ruining it and it is so easy to clean and store. I would recommend this one to anyone that really likes rice and prepares it often. 
I have only used this blender once, but already I love it. I will update my review if anything changes. No more cheapo blenders for me! I have tried Oster (really bad), and Black and Decker from Walmart (a tad better, but it didn't work on frozen fruit and ice). First, with the Waring, I made a frozen Island Oasis mix using ice, and the consistency was amazing. Second, since I'm single, I absolutely love the small size (I think it's like 24 oz or so). Third, it's not really that loud. I mean no louder than any other blender I've used. Fourth, there are no cheap plastic parts! Yay! Only high quality parts. The jar is stainless steel. If the two top pieces are plastic or polycarbanate(?), they are of very high quality. Fifth, the blades are built into the stainless steel container, and it's a snap to clean. Just add a cup of water, a few drops of cleaning liquid, run the blender for 30 seconds or so, rinse, dry and you're done! Cuts my cleaning time down considerably. Moreover, there's no unscrewing and cheap plastic round things that always tear. There is absolutely no way that you would have problems with a leaking jar. Last, I didn't have any problems with a burning smell. I am sticking with Waring products. My mother has one (at least 32 years old), and it still works 
This pan works SO great! I have used it for cookies, biscuits, and pizza. Nothing has burned or stuck. SUPER EASY to clean, you can wipe it off with a paper towel and stick it in the dishwasher or just rinse it with a sponge and soap and everything just slips right off. GREAT PRODUCT! 
I purchased this handsome can opener in June 2004. Feels looks substantial and promising. It worked ok for a couple of months, and now it's useless. I'll return to using my zyliss opener, and throw this in the trash 
The name Revere ware used to mean exceptional quality, now it means "Just more Chinese crap".The bottom is so thin it can't have the logo stamped properly.The redesigned handle has an impossible to wash void in it. In all fairness it is better than most imported junk 
This ice cream Maker is "GREAT". The fact that I can use an industrial motor (my kitchen Aid mixer) is fantastic. It is my belief that the ice cream maker itself is as near perfect as you can get, contrary to other reviews. If you read the description and instructions, you will find that it is not the biggest maker on the market AND that it does EXACTLY what it says it will...IT MAKES "GREAT" ICE CREAM. 
I have several other Kitchen Aid appliances and they are all great - solid, hefty machines that do superior work, the type of items Kitchen Aid has built a reputation on. So that is why I bought this coffee maker (actually I have the previous model before this "update"). Boy, howdy! Was I blind-sighted! The quality of the housing is no better than a Mr. Coffee for 1/4 the price, and I too, have experienced the leaking problems like other reviewers have noted. And on mine, the spring that keeps the shut off unit down while you take the pot off the machine to have that first cup while it is still brewing - well, it decided to not do it's job only after about a month of owning it. The unit leaks coffee as if that is what it was designed to do. HEY, KITCHEN AID ENGINEERS - DO YOU READ THESE AMAZON REVIEWS? IF YOU DO, THEN GO BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD AND MAKE A COFFEE MAKER THAT IS IN LINE WITH YOUR OTHER PRODUCTS! AND GIVE THOSE OF US THAT BOUGHT YOUR PREVIOUS JUNK A FULL CREDIT TRADE IN TO UPGRADE TO IT ONCE IT IS AVAILABLE! HOW HARD IS IT TO MAKE A GOOD COFFEE MAKER? MY GRANDMA'S EARLY 70'S MR. COFFEE IS STILL PERKING STRONG - WHAT AN EMBARASSMENT TO KITCHEN AID. Nuff' said 
i've had this can opener 4 more than 5 years have never had a problem!!! i even let my 4-year old niece use it when she stays with me helps me cook. never have 2 worry about anything with this one 
You either "get" this product or you don't. It's probably my favorite appliance in my whole house, and I show it off proudly to everyone who comes over. When I do, some folks look at me like I'm nuts while others instantly begin grinning and nodding their heads. (Kindred spirits!) Here's the deal. I hate bending over. I hate getting my hands dirty with a dustpan. I don't mind sweeping a room, but for some reason that extra step of scooping up the pile of dirt and dumping it into the trash can drives me crazy. (More often than not, I'll just sweep the pile into a corner, prop the broom against the wall over it, and tell myself I'll take care of it later. Disgusting, I know, but I'm not exactly known for my housekeeping skills!) Anway, with the Sweep-Eze, all I have to do is sweep the pile under the electric eye. Magically, the machine kicks on and sucks it up--without me having to bend over or get my hands dirty or anything. I love it! I don't have to empty the canister very often, maybe once a month at most. The only drawback is that it's pretty loud and my family gets mad at me if I don't warn them that I'm about to kick it on. But as long as I say "Sweep-Eze alert!", they're happy. And it only stays on for a few seconds anyway. Some folks don't get it, but for those who do, this product is invaluable. I'm not sure how I ever got along without it 
I LOVE to grill but I keep my grill a fair distance from my house while cooking so you can imagine the excitment I had in purchasing this item with the wireless transmitter. First, it took more than 1/2 an hour to get the two pieces to communicate with each other. Secondly, and worst of all, on just my second attempt using it I was watching my pork roast temperature from the comfort of my kitchen when the temperature value jumped to "HIGH". I immediately went out to check it and the probe is DEAD!!! There's no way to purchase a replacement probe so the whole thing is just a fancy kitchen timer!! Taylor is NO HELP! 
I have not received this item yet. I tracked this item and it seems that it was delivered Aug 12 to Phoenix, Az. I live in Oklahoma and that was the address on the shipment. What can be done about this? Thank yo. Please let me hear from you soon. L. Jackson 
Bought the vacuum on oct 1 2005. Brought it back to the store on Oct 7th. The belt broke! Thought it was a fluke. Tried one more...Brought it back after 10 days. A piece went flying after using the hose. the suction on the hose then did not work! Overall the cleaning was great.... while it worked. 
I have a number of booklites, different vendors, different styles, some AC adapter, some straight battery, cheap to higher prices, and this one is the best, the brightest, the one I will most often use. It is connected to adapter and kept near computerat all times. I am careful with such items, don't expect any problems, most booklites are not meant to be manhandled 
It's not made in Germany that's for sure, it's made in China (like everything nowdays) and I was really looking for German quality. 
I'm an old hand with kettles, I thought I'd give this one to my spouse for our anniversary, but it was a bit of a dud. When the kettle was ready to boil the lid would fall down, steam would go everywhere. And it would often take ages to turn itself off. Looked great but...Think I'm going to get the braun instead 
I have the tangerine one and I love it -- it's great for using in the microwave to make Rice a Roni and stuff like that. However, my father ordered the Periwinkle one off of my wish list and it kept getting backordered -- for months. We finally cancelled the order and I got something else from my wish list 
I returned three Incantos, all for the same reason. The steamer stopped working on all of them after 3-4 weeks. It sounded like the pump failed. I replaced it with the slightly more expensive, older Magic Comfort Plus, which has worked like a charm 
First thing we cooked in this pan were burgers, and we could not believe the difference in taste compared to pan fried. The raised ridges really carmelize the meat, and even when cooked well done the burgers are juicy. We have prepared chicken, pork chops and fish, and they are all at least as good as charcoal grilled. I would give this pan 10 stars if I could 
I was so excited to receive my DeLonghi Caffe Sorrento Bar4 4-Cup Espresso/Cappuccino Machine. Being an experienced expresso drinker I started to brew my expresso, needless to say the frother works so so good you do not even have to turn it on. Water and steam everywhere, also the frother does not turn off, I tried so hard that the knob came off. I was very dissapointed 
My only reservation is for safety sake, it would probably be better to get the version that is wireless, because when you fill this in the sink you must be very careful not to get the electrical prong that connects to the cord wet. 
I have enjoyed my new KitchenAid. I'm thinking that I may have liked the smaller model that has the beater that tips up instead of having the bowl lifter, as it is awkward sometimes working around the beater. Overall, I am happy and can mix a lot in a short amount of time 
Although this is a nice looking product, and it lives up to the 'good grip' promise, I went back to the company twice for a new one after the metal broke apart at the stress point (the hinge). I will say that OXO stood behind their product, shipping out a new one with no fuss. But after getting two replacements, and seeing the third break in exactly the same place, I'm done. 
I've used this set for several years now and have been very pleased with the overall cutting ability of these knives. Even though I also own Global and Shun kitchen knives, I find myself being drawn to the Insignia knives when I am in a hurry or in the middle of a large project. Although both the Global and the Shun have sharper edges, their price difference doesn't equate directly to the increased level of sharpness that you get. That is to say, yes Global and Shun knives are sharper, but they are not three to four hundred percent sharper all though their price difference certainly would suggest that. Using my Insignia knives, I am able to quickly dice, cut, and slice through onions, carrots, chicken, roasts, etc. That said, there are several cavets that need to be stated. First, don't wash these knives in a dishwasher. It has nothing to do with the quality of the steel. I wouldn't wash my Ken Onion Shun Chef's knife in the dishwasher and that one knife costs as much as two whole sets of the Insignia. Second, these knives need to be honed regularly. A few strokes after every use makes a real difference. Third, after owning the knives for almost two years, I sharpened each of the knives on oil stones. These knives, like all knives will need to be resharpened from time to time. The good news is that they resharpened quite nicely, a tribute to their quality. Since resharpening, they have continued to hold their edges. Last, the balance of these knives is more than adequate. I also own the matching sanduko and have found it to be the best of the series. All though I am a bit of a knife snob, and although I would love to purchase a block set of either the Shun or the Globals, I can't justify it given that the Insignia's cut so well. My wife would really give me no end of grief if I threw out a perfectly good set of knives. And a good set of knives these are 
We had to return this item for a refund. It arrived and never worked. 
It has a terrible desing flaw. I use it to mix and carry protein shakes. I put the powder in, put the cap on and when i am ready put the milk or water, shake and drink. Too good to be rated 2 stars, isn't it? well that was the good. The bad is: the tread that hold the cap is inside the conteiner so when you mix, the mixture go thru the tread (it doesn't look nice), and it's supposed to be hold in by a clear tiny silicon-like band that is attached to the cap. If you tighten the cap too much, the band will be squeezed out of position and leak. If you do not tighten it enough the band won't seal and leak. Another thing, maybe not as important as the above, is that it is little uncomfortable to drink directly from the bottle, the lid keep closing everytime. So before you make your decision analize carefully. Despite all that.... It mixes, when you get it right(until the band break) and spray eventuall 
This pot is a great deal. I had it for a couple of weeks now and it has been great for cooking, nothing sticks to it and clean up is easy. I love the glass top for see what is in the pot and how it is cooking. Great pot for the money. I find this pot to be just as good as my non stick calphalon if not a little better and the price is lower then the calphalon 
Man what a great pancake and a grilled chesse skillet. It's the perfect size for pacakes. I'd give it 10 stars if i could. Love it. 
This is simply the best pan I own. *IF* you follow the directions on how to cook with this pot, you won't have a problem with sticking. It's easy to use, easy to clean, works for just about everything (except maybe making pancakes - for which you would want a non-stick griddle). I just love being able to use metal utensils with this pot and not having to worry about scratching it. LOVE it 
the blender looks very attractive but hardly works. quite a bit of time even crushing a tomato. hard to believ 
Please do your self a favor and do not buy this item. As a toaster oven it burns the bottoms of everything you heat in it. As a toaster to toast bread or bagels, well it still has yet to toast anything for us. You can run the toaster 6 times and it will never toast/brown. I was shocked that this item would be so bad being that Hamilton Beach is a good brand. Something is obviously wrong with the production of this product. Forget about purchasing this one. If there was a zero for the star option on this product I would have given it a zero 
I would have to say that amazon gave me a good deal and immediate delivery. Unfortunatly i had to return this item . I havent been satisfied because the heating element heats up on the top rather than where it has to heat up. After ironing I could still see a lot of creases. They dont mention about the base being a wood plank either. I have used a Simplicity machine earlier and hence i know the quality of steam press but this machine is a waste of time and money. I would rather buy a normal iron to this or pay extra and buy a better one. But this is just my opinion 
too slow to give reading almost never changes 
I've had this kettle for less than 2 years. After reading good reviews, I decided to purchase this kettle because I wanted something that would last with daily use. I disliked it from the beginning. Why? 1) It's heavy. 2) When you open the lid to fill it with water (you shouldn't fill it just through the spout because then all the deposits are on the wrong side of the filter), water that has collected around the lid leaks out and runs down the outside of the kettle. 3) After less than 2 years of use, it is no longer working properly. It constantly switches off during heating. I've had better use from a cheap plastic kettle, and will be going back to using one of those 
this product offers a phenomenon deal a steal for the asking price 
I have a set of 16-year-old Farberware. I ordered this 3 qt. pan as a replacement--the handle on my old 3 qt. cracked from where the screw hole is. After I received this beautiful pan, I noticed the limited lifetime guarantee, called the number, and a new handle for my old pan is in the mail to me as we speak. This 3 qt. pan is even nicer than the pans I bought almost 20 years ago and is higher than the old model with a nicer lid/rolled edges and nicer bottom--and it really is beautiful--very classic styling. Since I use them so often and new one's so lovely, I will definitely keep the new one even though a replacement handle is on its way. I also have a 1 qt., 2 qt., 4 qt. pot, 4 qt. dutch oven, 10" skillet and little mini-skillet, all of which I use all the time (I use at least one or more daily) with no problems. Very nice, basic cookware at a reasonable, affordable price. I bought my cookware individually back when I couldn't afford to buy an entire set. I loved the fact that you could buy a quality pan individually. BTW, I acquired one of my 4 qt. pots from my grandmother's possessions after who knows how many decades of cooking and it's still in excellent condition. Also have her double boiler pot. Even though the screws do loosen, I only have to tighten every few months at most and have never had a screw strip or lost a handle. I would always buy another Farberware if needed (after seeing this new saucepan, would really like to buy a whole set of it, even though I don't really need it! 
Now, i love the idea of having a chrome tub caddy until 2 months into having it, it begain to rust. Then the candle holder the wine glass holder rusted off !!! I am now on the looking out for a plastic covered tub caddy. A caddy is awesome to have but not in chrome !! 
This makes baking so much easier, things just pop right out. The light weight and noiselessness of the product make this a real winner. Baking just keeps getting easier and easier. I have replaced all my bakeware possible with these silicone bakeware items. I love them 
If you want the retro look and a super toaster.....this is the one for you. Toasts perfectly and looks great! I've had it about 4 months with no problems whatsoever 
I wanted to like this toaster. It looks nice, seems sturdy enough, and stays cool to the touch. But it toasts poorly. One side of the bread toasts more than the other. So I have to pop up the toast 1/2 way through and turn it over. And now the pop up mechanism isn't working well 
Great item! I have looked for something like this to use in non-stick cookware so as not to scratch. It is finally here!! I have used it several times. It is a great product. I even bought one for my sister too! I love it and I am sure you will too 
I picked one of these up for my husband for Father's Day. It looked like a great idea, avoiding the mess of ice and rock salt. We followed the directions exactly and were very disappointed when chocolate soup emerged from the maker. We put it in a container in the freezer and ended up with a chocolate brick! Needless to say, we are not at all happy with this product 
I have two Roomba's, after one year of good operation they have been having battery problems. One Roomba was returned for refurbishment. They have good customer service, if you pursue them. The newly returned Roomba still has battery problems. The housekeeper which was very excited when I bought the Roomba now uses the vacuum cleaner. 
I didn't think it would be that large either but i got used to them after a while. you need a tall container to hold them in though. They are of good quality finally NO MELTING! great to use with my ionized cookware which makes a smooth cooking combination 
I wanted to say that this is the Best Cleaner out there as far as Im concerned. Very Easy to Assemble, and Use. Our carpet came out looking like new, all the stains that I have been trying to get out came out with no problem at all. We bought a model home for custom built homes and there was alot of heavy traffic (foot) in the house not to mention we have pets in the house. I used the cleaner all through the house (2200 sq ft). It was amaing how this cleaner got everything thing clean. There was a large bad stain area due to a plate of hot food was dropped and all the oils from the cooking and butter was dumped on the carpet. I tried everything to remove it, nothing would get the stains out. When I used this Steam Cleaner on it, Guess What all the stains had been removed. I really do think it has something to do with the brush action and the fact that it heats up the water, plus it also gives out equal amount of soap and water. I would also add that I have used this on our furniture and it worked just as good as it did one the carpet I have recommended this machine to all my friends, it is worth the money Plus. I also have a small Steam Cleaner from the same company it is perfect for the Rec Room and pet accidents on the carpet 
Although I like the concept of these storage containers, they crack very easily. The bottom of one of the largest containers had cracked during shipping. (Still useable for dry things like flour) Then as I was sitting on the floor putting the containers away in a bottom cabinet, I dropped on from 1-2 feet above a linoleum floor -- it too chipped and cracked at the point of impact. Also, when I first unpacked the containers, one of the lids came apart and the bottom half became stuck in the container. We had to use a knife/fork and 2 people to pry it out, doing some damage in the process. I believe the Click Clack folks have developed a second or even third generation of these containers. Perhaps they are sturdier. On the positive side, I did store some tomatoe sauce in one of the containers and it did not stain 
I am not sure what the folks who left negative reviews did wrong, but we got it right the very first time and boy did we ever. We made it a family project on a Sunday night- my Wife, my [...] Daughter and Myself. We froze the pot over night and all day and got it out Sunday evening we poured in our mixture in less than 1/2 hour the alarm sounded, the light turned green, my Daughter gleefuly pushed the dispense button and out came delicous vanilla softserve. Clean-up not so bad either. We love it. Good family project 
If you are planning to purchase anything from getapc.com, the markeplace vendor selling this item, beware. I purchased the Delonghi 5-Quart mixer based on product description and customer reviews but found that it did not perform as expected. It froze up kneading a 2-loaf batch of whole grain bread. The design is beautiful and the mixer is probably good for non-artisan breads, but should you have any problems with it, you'll have to stay on the vendor to get any kind of response. I am still waiting for a refund on the product after 2 weeks. The last message I got was that "it may take a bit longer." So be sure this is what you want before you buy it. Returning it is not easy. And getapc.com charges a $60 reshelving fee on top of the shipping you'll have to pay to send it back. My markeplace experience has been very frustrating. I won't buy through the marketplace again. If amazon.com or getapc.com processes my refund in the next day or two, I'll feel better and will edit my review, but for now, buyer beware 
We purchased the George Foreman 8 in 1 with the thought we would get the toaster oven we needed and some other features that would be nice to have. The 8 in 1 does have alot of neat features, the issue is it doesn't do any of the features very well. The toaster feature takes about 2 times as long to toast as a smaller, more conventional toaster oven. The Rotisserie is difficult to use and the grease catcher woefully inadequate. We found out the hard way when we had chicken grease overflow out of the grill and onto the counter. I can see this being a very good item for those with very small kitchens and in need of saving space, however, be warned that this oven has many shortcomings 
I agree completely with the review by Terry Gruggen. As she said in her Feb review, "the cutting arm is attached to this indestructible case by an all too flimsy piece of plastic. A little extra pressure on the arm and this plastic attachment shatters....leaving you with a $49 die cast paper weight." Despite its rugged looks, the appliance was a real disappointment 
I have been using a Cuisinart 9" skillet for a few years now and love it - one of the best pans I've ever owned (and I've owned a few -top names too). but when my 13" stainless steel skillet (from another name) warped under too much heat (it couldn't take the heat from my Viking Range), I immediately started a search for a Cusinart replacement. I couldn't believe the price. Fortunately I have the lid from the previous pan because the cusinart doesn't come with one 
I've been happy with many other KitchenAid products, but this one is pure junk. The pasta roller attachment that KitchenAid also offers is great, but the width of it is so close to the size of this ravioli press, that the edges of the ravioli barely have enough dough to seal - and many of them pop open. It's worth noting that although this does in fact attach to a standing mixer, it does not use the mixer's motor. You have to manually turn the crank with your hand. I returned this piece of junk, and bought the VillaWare V5500 10-Square Ravioli Maker for $18. Save yourself some money and do the same 
Mine broke and started SMOKING while I was making hummus (not even something tougher like ice). Kitchenaid won't fix it. There are many MUCH cheaper but nicer ones on the market 
Bought this for the kitchen and the only piece that truly does what it is supposed to do is the vase they give to hold all the pieces. The spoons both melted in pots of boiling water stirring spaghetti. The spatula bent and distorted while trying to lift something off a hot cookie sheet. If there was a choice to give a half star, that is all I would give.....you have to give them some credit, since the vase looks nice on the counter Grin 
I have been looking high and low for a new flatware set and the minute I seen quot;Non Stopquot; I had to have it! Needless to say...I am very pleased 
After checking the Calphalon web site the Suggested Retail price for model R1384 14" Everyday Pan is $160.00. I am dissapointed that this is not a true discounted price. 
I purchased this egg cooker specifically for poaching 2 eggs. I used large, farm-fresh eggs. Whatever combination of water and timing I tried, I never got a perfectly cooked poached egg. The Cuisinart instruction book is confusing in its layout - specifically page 5. I called Cuisinart and after much back and forth, it was determined the eggs I used were too large and the directions were for MEDIUM-sized eggs. If considering this machine, be aware you might have to sacrifice the eggs you want to eat. 
Reliable and functions. Much less expensive than "ionic breeze" or other yuppie products one might get at the S.I. Has three fan settings and is very quiet. Doesn't stir up dust and blow it around like a traditional fan does. Only draw back is that it does not have a filter. 
I've never had a "nice" set of knives before. These are great! They have a nice feel in my hands. The only reason I didn't give them a 5 star rating is because the kitchen scissors do not come apart. The scissors I bought at Smart Final come apart for easy washing and drying 
I use this pan alot. It makes great grilled sandwiches, pancakes and french toast. It is also easy to clean and stor 
This product works wonders! I am big into making my own flavors, and making healthier than store bought versions. This machine is great for that! It isn't loud at all, definately a big upgrade from the salt and ice mixer I used to have that could wake up the dead. The fact that you just pop your ingredients in the canister and stick it in is amazing, no messy clean up whatsoever, or need for trips to the store for ice/salt. The only slight disadvantage is that if you want to add toppings that spread throughout, you need to add it after its almost at icecream consistency and for that you have to pop off the top (theres no slide window to add through while its mixing). But even doing that extra step is simple after 30 min's of churning. Soft ice cream DEFINATELY never takes longer than 45, usually 37-40, and hard is about 45-48 min. Buy it and Enjoy!! 
I love Kitchenaid products, but this one failed miserably!! The taste of the coffee is excellent, but there were grounds and coffee everywhere. The Pause N Serve feature works as it brews!! I don't think that was the intention though. When I called the company the not so brilliant guy told me that they hear this all the time on this model and that you just have to push the coffee maker in far enough so that the pause n serve feature isn't activated...well, unless we put a heavy ceramic bowl in front of the carafe to hold the pot in place we have coffee soup all over our counter and floor. My husband and I love coffee and we like it STRONG! We feel coffee is very important to survival in our home as we have 5 kids and this helps us stay alive and energetic for the 48 hours a day we care for them!! My strong advice...don't but this model. Though Kitchenaid is a great product and I have never had problems with any of their other lines, this one should be junked! We are returning ours! 
Listen to those other reviewers who have sung the praises of this scoop! The Zyliss Scoop goes through cold ice cream very well and literally drops off the scoop into the bowl. Well worth the money. How nice to have a tool that works well. Like others, I've tried many scoops that did NOT work - frustrating!! Do yourself a favor: stop bending your soup spoons and get a Zyliss Ice Cream Scoop. 
Found this item on the net when it was unavailable in stores for Christmas. Good deal for the money. Nothing beats marble when making home-made ravioli! (I dropped it on cement it did chip, so be careful where you set it!) Use the cradle that comes with it 
I purchased the Cuisinart grinder from Amazon based upon customer reviews just over two years ago after trying two cheaper $20-ish models picked up at local discount stores. Motors on one of the cheaper grinders locked up in short order; the second lasted longer but the blades rusted after only 2-3 months in a storage building. The motor on the Cuisinart is still going strong, but I had to trash it today. I have to admit that the blades did seem to be a bit duller after grinding enough beans to make 1-3 pots of coffee per day for two years straight, but that's to be expected with a blade grinder. The on/off button broke about 2 months ago; then, last week, the blade housing wore out and broke off while grinding my favorite John Conti beans. Others have stated that this grinder is less messy than some of the other models, but grinding coffee is a messy undertaking and a necessary evil to get the freshest coffee! If I don't try a higher quality burr grinder, I may get another one of these! 
Just compare this one with Braun, try to turn it on without the coffee beans and you would notice Braun is louder than Toastmaker, this is quiet and grinds well. Just got it a month ago, not sure about the life of the machine. But I believe its Cheap and Best 
This DeLonghi toaster oven was not made as well as the previous one we had. The grey plastic on the sides made it look cheap. The stainless steel was very thin too. You could bend it easily. We returned the oven 
I bought this vac to help clean up behind my 19 month old daughter and my 2 pets. I used it once without a problem, seemed to work reasonably well for a hand vac. The 2nd time I used it I was cleaning up kitty litter tracked from the litter box. The 1st pass went fine but then as i was getting ready to make a 2nd pass to finish the job it started whining and it stopped working. I turned the machine off, checked for any clogs or hair of any kind that may be causing the interference but i found nothing. I manually moved the brush around a couple of times without a problem, so i turned it back on. It was still not working and then within 2 seconds it started to smell like something was burning. I turned it off and it was smoking pretty heavily, which lasted for at least 2-3 minutes before cooling off. Don't waste your $$ on this and more importantly don't risk your safety with this fire trap 
After going thru several $20 dollar blenders in the last 10 years I decided to splurg and go for the Kitchenaid. Well it didn't last even as long as the cheap ones. The motor is still good, and the blades are still good, but they used a little plastic coupler between the two and it lost all it's teeth one by one. We mainly like to make milkshakes and smoothies about 3 or 4 times a week. 
As another reviewer experienced, our Krups also leaks coffee all over the counter and subsequently the floor quite often, which is apparently related to having to have the carafe situated in just exactly the right place within a half a millimeter, and which place I have not yet discovered except occasionally by chance. Carafe positioning appears to be the problem, because it doesn't leak every time. Maybe my unit is defective, because other reviewers don't mention this, and believe me, you would notice this if it were occurring with yours. The opening to pour in water is relatively small, but I don't have a huge problem with it. Be aware there is no automatic shut off. It makes a fine cup of coffee for this non-coffee-gourmet, and I don't have a problem with spilling when I pour from the carafe into a cup. But the leaking is forcing me to find another machine. I wish I could find a reasonably-priced, non-leaking 12-cup machine with removable water reservoir, no-drip carafe, programmable, auto shut-off, easy-to-find replacement carafe and removable filter basket but alas, even on amazon.com, that machine does not appear to exist. My sister has such a machine (Mr. Coffee URX23), but that model has been discontinued. 
pretty pink and for a verry* good cause..very sturdy..just pricey but as i said..its for a good caus 
Item was not the one ordered, I returned it and the reolacement you sent was also incorrect. I returned this second item for credit. You had placed your sticker with bar code over the manufacture's bar code and your label was incorrect. I hope you correct your error before you send several custmers the wrong ite 
I bought this set and was very pleased until the grater just snapped at the handle. This implies that there is a support problem with the manufacturers design 
This is the only grill I've ever had, so I guess I can't compare it to others, but for me this grill has been just great. It is super easy to use and clean. It has given me no problems at all. I recommend it 
It works great, it's healthier than microwave popcorn, and in the long run it's cheaper too. Pour in half a cup of kernels, plug it in, and within a couple minutes you've got a bowl full of fresh popcorn with only a few unpopped kernels and virtually no cleanup. It's not much louder than most microwave ovens and it's far less likely to burn the popcorn. Only one minor complaint: butter doesn't really melt completely in the cup on top (make sure you have melted butter ready to go if you want it). An on/off switch might've been nice but that's not a big deal unless you want to keep it on your countertop permanently. Oh and this product is identical to the Presto PopLite (ASIN: B00006IUWA) just with a different label (it even says so in the description above), but you get a coupon for 50 cents off Orville's with this one 
Works well and looks great but lifting is not fun. If you are a weight lifter always looking for a few more reps for your wrist elbow and shoulder get this kettle. This stainless WK600 one is listed at 6.4 lbs, and the white plastic WK200 is listed at 2.9 lbs. A big difference! The stainless one weighs empty close to what the plastic one weighs full. With a minimum fill of 1/2 liter The stainless weighs in at 7.4 lbs. and the plastic at 4.0 lbs. I'm returning my stainless WK600 unit and ordering the WK200 plastic one. 
This Fork Thermometer would have been great if it had lasted more than 3 usages. No way to notify the manufacturer to find out "why" the fork quit working. It's still useful as a meat fork, but not as a thermometer. Very disappointing and a bit expensive to be used only as a fork. 
As a person who could set boiling water on fire, I can truely state that this hard boiled egg timer has helped me be able to boil an egg. Prior to this I never knew if the egg was done and usually I either over cooked them, or worse, under cooked them. Now they come out perfect everytime. HIGHLY RECOMMEND 
I really thought I would like this product when I got it out of the box. It's looks well made and looked easy to use. I followed instructions and cleaned it throughly and put my recipe misture and miniture sausages in it to slowly heat and to use as an appetizer. I put the the heat setting on warm as I was not in a hurry and I left the room for about 5 minutes. When I came back there was mixture all over my cabinets, counters, etc. and what was left was boiling and sputtering like mad. I later found out that no matter what heat setting I used it would over heat. I cannot recommend this product to anyone I'm sorry to say 
I was disappointed with the spatula. It is too flexible and too large for my hand. My husband thought the size was okay but he too thought it was too flexible. It reminded me of a diving board 
I have not purchased a ripe pineapple due to the fact that it is so difficult to hand peel. So I have gone without this delicious fruit for too long. I happened on the slicer while browsing amazon and could not believe they had such a tool! I ordered it right then and it arrived in a few days. All that was said about it is really true! It cuts a pineapple in a matter of seconds leaving a very attractive bowel, the pinapple it self 
Don't bother buying the pots. After only 2 months use, the inside edges are cracking off (I hand wash all the pots). I have a fry pan of another brand that I have used for over 3 years and this never happened. In addition, in spite of purchasing the 12 piece set and three additional pans, they refused to give me a $20.00 promised rebate. I'm ready to junk the set 
This is the worst basting brush I have ever encountered. At first countless bristles fell out in my food and every time I washed it. (Although it's dishwasher safe, it failed to come clean in there, even after a big squirt of dawn and much hand washing it isn't spotless, but I think I pulled most of the loose bristles out in the process.) It also doesn't stand up to any heat, I use it to lightly grease my griddle for pancakes and things (at about 375 degrees) becuase I don't like the residue left by Pam, and it shrinks and flakes bristle bits every time. I also don't like the Good Grips in general (these were a gift) the handles are too bulky and take up too much space in my utensil crock and limited apartment kitchen drawers 
Definitely a nice knife. I really like the unibody and the blade is very sharp. Clean cutting knife 
I have used this griddle so much I have worn it out and am now going to buy another one. I have great results making flour tortillas with it. I always use the quaker flour torilla mix from wal-mart. Every now and then I have a blow-up, but once you learn the proper technique for flattening the bread it's really easy, and much faster and easier than rolling them out by hand. 
For the money, I'm satisfied with this toaster. It's pretty much a basic toaster 
The pan itself is fine, but it measures closer to 16" in diameter. The cooking surface is 12", but the pan has such a wide lip around it that it doesn't come close to fitting in my convection toaster oven 
I cannot believe what a WASTE of money this thing was. HUGE disappointment. I was all excited when I got it, made some cookie press dough, put it in, and... nothing. The plunger pretty much spins in place. I could PUSH the dough out manually faster than this thing can. I couldn't even get ONE FREAKIN' cookie out of it, onto the cookie sheet. DON'T buy this sorry excuse of plastic waste, and if you do, don't say you weren't warned. I probably would have more constructive criticism, but #1 This product isn't worth the effort, and #2 I spent ALL effing evening saying to myself, "It CAN'T be this bad. It must work somehow." Ummmm... NOPE!!!! 
I thought I was getting a true cooking stone - but it is only a bread stone. Cannot cook other foods on it. I thought I was getting something similar to pampered chef cooking stone where I could cook meat, cookies, etc. and it seasoned the stone as it was used. If all you want is pizza or bread this may be the item - but it is VERY limited in use for the amount of space it takes up in the cabinet. 
I read the reviews after I purchased it. We made grated cheese (turned out so so) and *tried* to make hummus but it wouldn't even turn the blade and was very, very noisy. I'm returning it to Target tomorrow. If it can't stand up to crushing a few cooked beans then it's no good to me. Until I find a better one I'm using my 10 speed Osterizer blender I've had for 10 years. It made hummus easily 
This unit was a great addition until the probe went bad after only a few months. Not recommended 
I could definitely tell a difference in the taste of my water, and hopefully that means it's chlorine free, but I haven't had it tested. However, it must be doing its job because the filter itself only lasts about a month! I think that its life span just depends on how bad your water is. It works better that my old Brita filter, which I could tell wasn't working because my water still smelled like chlorine with that one. That being said, I would buy the PUR pitcher over again if given the choice 
This garlic press is very well made. It's got some weight to it, but no too much. Works on the biggest cloves of garlic leaving only the skin behind. Well worth the money. Easy to clean 
This item fell apart the moment I took it out of the box. The sides literally came apart. Do not buy this product. The company should be ashamed for even selling it 
If I could give no stars for this, I would. I've been using electric skillets for more years then I care to say. I love cooking with them and when my last one simply wore out from so much use, I bought this one. What a mistake. After only minimal use, the middle of the pan began to burn extra hot and all the food was sticking and burning. Then the coating began to peel from the pan. The middle began to buldge slightly so the surface was not flat for even frying. What a nightmare!! This pan was less then two months old! And I do know how to treat and cook with electric skillets - just in case you were thinking I did something to cause this. I have never been so disappointed in a product before. However, it did have a new place in our home - the trash can. Guess I should have read the reviews first. Now that was my mistake!! 
This shampoo is not only an excellent carpet cleaner, but the additives that neutralize the pet odors from little accidents work incredibly well. I highly recommend this product 
The product is labeled as a seed grinder, so you would expect it to be able to grind seeds, but it failed miserably. I tried grinding flax seeds (about the size of sesame seeds) but about half of the flax seeds made it through the grinder intact. I even tried running the "ground" seeds through a second and third time but still wound up with a large portion of whole or almost intact seeds. That was with the grinder on the fine setting. It seems to be a combination of poor design and cheap parts. The "grinding" wheels are made of plastic which is not the best material for friction and the design allows a lot of the seeds to drop off the wheel into the chute without having actually been "ground" by the wheels. If you're wanting to grind a very small amount of seeds, try a manual grinder. If you're wanting to grind a medium to large amount of seeds, spend more money and get a proper flour mill 
I purchased this product the day before going on vacation, so i didn't have much time to research. I've owned it for 28 days, and it's been working fine so far. I use small pellets, not flakes- so that's all i can rate it for. It seems to work at the same times every day, and a uniform amount of food appears to drop. It is not quiet, so if it is used in a bedroom, make sure you adjust your feeding times as not to be disturbed while sleeping. I acually don't mind knowing when it's running, so if i'm around I can check on it's function. Time will tell if it's a great product- but so far, so good. I must change my review- I too had one of the battery contacts break off, and the unit became unreliable. I'd often have to remove and replace the batteries to get it to work again. I'd look elsewhere before buying another 
This is a beautiful piece of glassware that adds a touch of class to any table. However...and this is a significant however...a good decanter should be as broad as possible at the level at which a full bottle of wine will fill it. The idea is to have as large an air-to-wine interface as possible, so as to let as much wine as possible breathe. This of course is not terribly important for whites and better reds, but younger red wines benefit considerably from being decanted for an hour before they are drunk. Therefore, I suggest this decanter be reserved for whites and reds that are ready 
I had never tried yogurt cheese before, but I was intrigued by the idea. Making the yogurt cheese was simple with this device - just fill with yogurt and leave it in the fridge. The product seems sturdy and was easy to clean. We grow our own raspberries, and I have been eating them with ice cream. Last night I tried eating them with non-fat yogurt cheese sweetened with a bit of sugar. It was delicious and much healthier! Yogurt cheese is a good source of calcium and protein - half a cup has 85 calories, 10 grams protein, 10 grams carbohydrate, and 235 mg calcium. It would be great for layering with fruit in parfaits 
This is in my opinion the best waffle iron you can purchase for home use. There might be a better $600 waffle iron out there, but this is far and away and excellent product. Although I do feel that it's a little flimsy to be called a "professional" product, and seeing as how I've worked in the food industry my whole life, I feel validated in saying that. However, I have used it for a while now, and I have thoroughly enjoyed it. From soft to crisp waffles in a short amount of time, any easy to use and clean. My ony complaint is that it's rather large for the size of my kitchen. Excellent waffles! Thick and golden, like in the user submitted photos. I've never had waffles so good, not even in a restaurant. The true Belgian waffle recipes do take a bit of patience and know-how, but they're worth the effort. I read some complaints about the timing mechanism, but I find it to be spot on for the most part. Its worth the money 
I purchased this about 1 year ago and it's only taking up space in my house. It has very poor suction on carpeting. Works O.K. on hardwood floors but then again most of these will. I expected better force. The small openning may look "cool" but it doesn't allow for wide enough sweeping area and I find myself going over the same area again and again. Also, the charging holder is a little harder to place the unit in. I would consider look at others first 
Started having problems with hot water spraying out and burning those who stand in front. Contacted Melitta and they said they are aware of the issue and I have to "purchase" a pod holder adapter due to the pods are too thick. I questioned charging people for something they manufactured and were notified was defective, the dummy on the phone didn't have an answer. I do not recommend this product. Maybe a class action is due 
Great price, poor product. They are beautiful upon arrival. I washed them according to manufacturer's instructions. You would not believe the copius amounts of lint that piled up in the lint catcher of my dryer (usually a sign of poor fabric quality). While folding them up, I discovered that most of the hems had unraveled and frayed. And I hadn't even used them yet! Unbelievable. I returned them for a full refund, including shipping (and I stupidly purchased 2 sets). Goes to show you get what you pay for. Never again 
I do a lot of stir frying, using one pan to do many dishes. As a result I needed a pan that had non-stick quality for quick and easy cleaning and one that could take high heat from my professional stovetop. When pan and oil are heated to the right temperature the interior 18/10 stainless steel surface behaved as if it were nonstick. The heat was evenly conducted bottom through the sides, this due to the aluminium core sandwich being continuous from the bottom up the sides. The sides are high enough to not have food spill out in the process of vigourous stir frying. The height is also good for small item deep frying. The steep sloping of the sides enabled food to rotate well, falling back easily into the pan. Quality pans tend to be heavy, All Clad without exception but this size is perfectly manageable for tossing ingredients if need to. It also cooks a generous portion for one to two persons. All types(including metal) of utensils can be used with it. This is a solid, handsome and versatile pan with wonderful easy care and use. It is a total joy to cook with and one that gives you confidence that it will last a long, long time 
This is our fourth new blender in the last three years. My wife and I prepare one large smoothie everyday that has no ice, but lots of frozen berries, fresh fruit, etc. Nothing else goes in the blender. This blender looked nice and was so heavy it implied quality. It even worked great for a few months. Then one day the gear that delivers power from the base to the jar stripped right off. Now it is out of warranty. This is not simple to replace since the plastic/rubber piece separated from the steel shaft. We paid close to $100 for this thing so spending a couple of hours bringing it to someone who will charge $25-$50 to repair it seems like throwing good money after bad. This blender,like many others that I will not waste anymore time reviewing, is described as heavy duty, industrial or commercial grade. None-I repeat-none of the ones sold at your retail store are comparable to the better commercial models. Save yourself time and money and buy the real commercial models that will last you a lifetime. You can easily find quite a few brands and reviews on the internet. The ones used in restaurants, bars and other food service businesses are constructed to a higher standard and have replaceable parts that are readily available over the internet. Be prepared to pay $200-$500. For someone who only occasionally will use a blender to make margaritas this may be a very useful blender. 
I am a trained research assistant; therefore, I try to research products before I purchase them. In the case of this purchase, I saw the item during an early bird sale at Kohls, so I grabbed it. I owned a professional steamer that was purchased at a store that was going out of buisness, but it is really bulky, so I thought that the compact steamer would be a great choice. On the contrary, it was a big waste of time trying to dewrinkle a blouse, and although it was on sale, it was a waste of money. The problems I had were: 1. The cord is too short: directions instruct user to hang nozzle on the door hook which hangs over the top of any door. The nozzle would not reach to the top of the door, and I live in a mobile home, so it is not like I have the tallest doors in a home. 2. The most important thing in steaming a garment, for me, is to avoid the garment getting wet. I did not fill the steamer to the maximum line, because I know from past experience that this could sometime cause the spitting affect. After 2 minutes of waiting for the steam, I began to try it out on a silk blouse, and what a big mistake I made. The water spat out on the material. I thought that I should not hold the nozzle so close, but it did not matter, because water continued to spit out on the blouse. 3. The steam pressure would not dewrinkle the blouse. The is not a case where the material was so hard to dewrinkle; it is silk, not that hard of a material. I have read other reviews, and if this machine worked for them, I don't know how, but I can attest to the operation of the steamer that I purchased. I dabble in selling clothing on another website, and I have owned my other steamer since 2002, and I will continue to use it; I will just have to deal with space that it takes up in my home. Conair GS4 Compact is a bust. 
flimsy. mine started rusting after 2 months. but then again, what can one expect for this price 
I bought this "piece of junk" at Wal*Mart. I was actually surprised to see a food processor so cheap, so I decided to buy it. After going home and washing the product, I decided to try it out. I plugged it in and NOTHING. It didn't even budge! Anyway, I am going to have to drive ALL THE WAY back to Wal*Mart and return this... Save your money and go with a more expensive model that will last you.. 
I bought three of these when I saw them in a local store, thinking them a great deal. They LOOK like the equivalent of the Henckels, solid and sturdy, at one-fifth the price. Looks can be deceiving. They are suitable for paper, skin, aluminum foil, etc., but do not try them on anything more substantial, like chicken leg bones. I broke these on items that I routinely cut through with my Henckels and Wusthof shears. The cost of sending them back under warranty was about the purchase cost, so I tossed out all three pairs. Sorry, Chicago Cutlery, but if you are selling office scissors, label them that way. I expect kitchen shears to be a LOT tougher, so I can't mark these more than one star. Chicago Cutlery makes a pair of scissors called the Insignia series, for only about $2-3 more. I suggest potential buyers look into these, or spring for the more expensive German brands 
I can't believe this is a Rowenta product! If you decide to disregard the reviews, here are some things from the owners manual (which I read before using the iron - and followed to the letter) to give you an idea how temperamental/high-maintenance this item is: *Do NOT use distilled water. You can use tap water - if it's not too hard (less than 12 grains - who actually knows this?). Softened water can also cause problems. Basically, if you use anything except bottled water, expect problems! *Empty the water from the iron after EVERY use. Failure to do so will result in leaking or spitting *Other than the Rowenta Soleplate cleaning kits (which run about $12), the only instructions/recommendations for cleaning the soleplate are what NOT to use. I had a very inexpensive Panasonic iron for years - given Panasonic is not really "known" for this type of item, my expectations were not high. It lasted 7 years with no problems and was low and/or no maintenance. Don't count on the Rowenta name to equate to higher quality on this one 
My kitchen is entirely Kitchenaid, so I was very excited when Kitchenaid released their silicone bakeware line. I love the color and the way they clean up very nicely. I also love that they do not get scratched or clank around in my cupboards. However, I have noticed that when I bake in these, I can smell the silicone. It even dominates over the smell of the cake or bread that I am making! I have also noticed (especially with this bread pan) that the silicone gives your dessert a slight silicone taste. I own the muffin pans, so I use paper baking cups to prevent this from happening, but with the loaf pan, there is no way around it. 
I'm actually having trouble sleeping on these sheets they are so uncomfortable and rough. They may be technically 320 TC, but they do not feel like more than 150! Strongly recommend against buying them. Mine are going to have a nice life as paint drop cloths. 
I wouldn't purchase anything from vision decour! I ordered this 3 piece set the same say I ordered pieces from three other companies. It took vision decour longer to just e-mail me than it did the other companies to ship and deliver the other three pieces I ordered. Apparently the set I ordered was out of stock, but vision decour neglected to update their web site. After they contacted me about this issue I checked their site and they still had the set listed as availabel and in stock. So now I have been waiting for weeks and have half of a living room with no prospect of getting the table set I needed to match everything else 
Unit is advertised as 5 quart............what arrived is 2 quart, and much too small for my purposes 
I used a West Bend Triple timer for about 25 years and was well satisfied with it. It had a loud alarm. The new model has a clock (not very useful), a stop watch function (moderately useful) and a triple timer function (fairly useful). Unfortunately the timer functions are more difficult to set than on the older unit. The alarm is very weak, very difficult for me to hear. I am looking for another alarm. 
If you like to bake this is a nice product to have in your arsenal of tools. I bake whole grain muffins and breads every week and find this pan to be extremely useful. The breads that I have made released easily after they had cooled. I find it best to place this pan on a cooling rack for about an hour before removing the bread from the pans. If you do this it releases completely. If the bread is still warm when you try to remove it, it might not come out in one piece. I have found that it is best to put this pan on a half sheet pan prior to filling it with dough or batter. If you try to carry it to the oven without a pan underneath it, it is not very steady. If you don't have other silicone bakeware you are unfamiliar with the nicest feature of this product. You can squish it up in a ball to store it, and bounces back to its original shape when you need it. My only complaint about this pan is that the bread does not brown as well on the bottom as sides as it does in a metal pan. But, being able to make 6 medium sized loaves at one time more than makes up for decrease in browning. 
You'll feel like crazy diving foreigner Jacques "Jacky" Cousteau when you strap on this amazing new device from Microplane. Scuba dive* safely** up to depths of 30cm!*** Marvel at the previously unimaginable variety of aquatic life present in your kitchen sink! Develop contact dermatitis as a result of prolonged exposure to washing up liquid! *Using this slider as a scuba mask may invalidate the manufacturer's warranty. **Scuba diving using this Microplane Slider Attachment may not be safe. ***At depths "grater" than 30cm the plastic mask has been known to crack under the extreme pressure, causing soaping of the eyes and shards of plastic to perforate the skin. A fantastic addition to the 35000 Series, you'd have to be "micro" minded, "plane" crazy or in"slide" a mental institution not to develop a "serie(s)"ous "attachment" to this "grate" grater. "35000" marks out of 10 
Ok...the only thing domestic about me is that I live in a house. Cooking is a necessary evil. This waffle maker is the best! We love staying at hotels w/breakfast bars just so we can use the waffle makers! Two things I have noticed about this appliance...I have 3 kids and a husband that all love the waffles, so when we use it I am making a lot of waffles. If it starts to appear the waffles are getting more crisp, dial down the heat setting one less than what you are currently set on. We start out with a "4" setting. I am in the habit of spritzing the grids EVERY time we bake a waffle. If you miss between, the waffles don't stick, but it is apparent they don't slip right out as easy. I have found that a butter flavored cooking spray gives the waffle more of a "restaurant" taste. We use the box batters...there is no way in hell I would take the time to make the book mix...LOL. I've used more expensive mixes to store brand mixes ($1.99/box) and they all bake up great. My mom has the same unit and she pretty much echos everything I have said. They will make extras and freeze them. We never have extras at our house--LOL! I have decided to keep my waffler out on the counter, it looks very sleek next to my beautiful staninless Kitchenaid mixer, stainless rice cooker and stainless coffee maker. And, I admit it, I throw all the mix into the mixer and let the mixer do the job for me. Clean up is a snap and we have enjoyed having this appliance. BE SURE TO HAND WASH THE BATTER CUP if you don't want the writing to come off. I have scratched mine with an ice pick to show the proper level. Also, I have a small spatula on hand I use to spread the thicker mixes around (quickly) if need be. I also hand wash the tray and just let air dry and wipe up the unit after each use. I just can't justify taking the entire family out to breakfast for $30-40 when we can make all the goodies at home. We are also planning a suprise waffle bake for my son's teacher at school for his birthday with my waffler. I will just pre-mix a ton of batter. We have a family friend who we owe a belated wedding gift to and this is what we are going to get them. I know they will enjoy it too. Happy cooking 
This was the single worst set I've ever used. If zero stars would be an option, that's what I would have chosen. The pot broke before we could even dunk a peice of bread into the cheese. While it was warming on the stand it came with, I heard a sickening crack, so I immediately (tried) to take it the pot off the stand. The ENTIRE bottom of the pot and split away from the side...and cheese oozed everywhere on my counter top. Everything about this set is cheap. The pot (which was complete junk), down to the fondue forks it came with. They where metal with plastic. A complete waste of money. For your wallet's sake, save your money on this piece of junk and save up for a high quality set. 
At first I was pretty happy with the grater, but after a few days of use I started to notice that I was getting small shavings of metal as well as shredded cheese. I am no longer using it and would not recomend it to anyone 
and i like my cupcakes with frosting still on them 
the cofee carafe keeps brew hot for hours! I have had 4 spillages and alot of mess to clean up because the filter must be aligned properly or else! I also cannot figure out how to program... one of the most important features for me buying... I really wish I could send this back 
This unit from Cooking.com is made from China. Consider it to be a disposable unit. The threads on it are worthless. I got one single use out of them. I thought it to be a fluke. Ordered another one. Same thing. Frustrated! I located a German Made Cast Iron Rosette Iron online, from another reviewer. There is a world of differences, between the $10.00 China junk knockoff and the German made one. It is my opinion that the German Rosette Iron is worth every penny! The German Made Cast Iron Rosette will no doubt be handed down for generations to come. The threads alone are worth the higher price; however the quality is significantly noticeable. The German made set is a much heavier set than the China made set from Cooking.com. It is my opinion that it is worth your time to do a bit more research than for settling for this Chinese knockoff. Don't get me wrong - they are still better than Aluminum any day of the week - but if you have ever owned an Alfred Andresen Co Cast Iron Rosette set - you'll instantly know what I am talking about. 
These shears are indispensable. First they are sharp and stay that way---definitely not to be used by children. They will definitely bone a chicken all by themselves (but I spare mine a little by using poultry shears to cut heavier bone).Easy to handle. But best of all, they come apart and go back together with extreme ease, yet stay together for use. Contrary to the description, it is not necessary to use the cap and screw to get them apart. They are well designed with a slot and protrusion arrangement that allow them to be separated for CLEANING with a single motion and to be rejoined the same way. The cap and screw are only necessary for sharpening. You'll wonder how you ever got along without them 
My husband sweats a lot at night and I thought this would stop the problem. It didn't at all. It doesn't seems like it does anything for me either. It just feels like a normal mattress pad. Not exactly worth the price for a normal mattress pad 
I hope I never have to use it, but I have peace of mind, knowing it is in place 
I bought a set of these years ago, and used them almost daily...freezer to oven to table, on the range..never a problem, and wanted to replace the same sized casserole. As the previous reviewer stated,the rough and unfinished bottom of the dish was coarse and gritty, and scratched my table and counter. What a disappointment! I don't believe the older set I have was made in China, but here in the USA. Save your money 
I REALLY loved this baking sheet when I first got it, so I was supremely disappointed when the nonstick coating began flaking off, essentially rendering it unusable. I may have gotten a bad batch or something. The product has a lifetime warantee and I do intend to send it back in, but wanted to let folks know about my experience 
I ordered the My Cafe from Amazon in early October and received it a few days later. On initial set-up, the unit failed to prime. I talked to Bunn's Service Dept. and was coached to try several steps, which did not work. I was given a return authorization number and told that I would be sent a brand new machine once they received the defective one. I have Fed Ex verification that the My Cafe was received by Bunn on October 18. I called Bunn on November 6 and was told that they would check on my replacement and call me back in a couple on minutes. No return call came. I called again on November 9th and was told that the My Cafe has been on back order and that I am in line with an unknown other number of customers awaiting shipment. They could not, or would not, give me any meaningful information on when I might expect to see if the replacement works any better than the original. My Cafe may be a great machine but Bunn's service is atrocious 
I handwashed this one time and it filled up with water. I didn't expect to be able to wash it in the dishwasher but I also didn't expect it to fill 45% up with water the first time I washed it by hand. The water has since evaporated but I haven't tried to use the thermometer since and I won't use it without using a second one to calibrate this one to see if it is anywhere close to accurate. Not exactly what I was looking for 
We're a small restaurant (16 seats), serving dinner 4 nights a week, and we use the blender for soups, Caesar dressing, etc., once or twice a week, but never use ice in it or anything like that. We've had two of this same model now, and had the same problem with both of them. The black collar, the part of the base where you set the container, is plastic, and on both blenders has broken. The first time it lasted almost a year, and we figured that wasn't too bad -- especially when you compare the cost to a true commercial/professional blender, which are $300+. Also, we really like the blender in terms of function, so we picked up another one. This time, the exact same thing happene, except that the collar cracked within 2 weeks!! My other complaint is that I found Waring Customer Service to be disinterested unhelpful -- especially because I contacted them about buying a new model, not about problems with the one we had. I saw a model on their website but no purchasing info was listed; I emailed to find out where to purchase, and the rep seemed almost inconvenienced by my inquiry 
I purchased this Black Decker Food Processor on 12/30/04 at Target. I used it the first time to grate cheese and loved it. However, I used it tonight for only the 2nd time to chop some onion and celery and it started smelling hot. Smoke started pouring out the back. I will be returning to Target tomorrow and NOT purchasing another Black Decker kitchen appliance 
This baster is big enough to accomplish most tasks, and it even makes a great costume accessory on Halloween. Except that when I used it as part of my Halloween party costume along with a doctor's lab coat and stethoscope, all the women blushed and left the room. Oh well, maybe next time I'll come as a proctologist 
Target sells this same item for less than $5.00 32oz. bottle. It pays to shop around! 
Buyer beware! The item pictured is not what you will get! It contains the same information, but it is formatted differently. I asked for a replacement, asking for what is pictured and received the incorrect one again. What I received was smaller, about 5"x 3" whereas the image looks taller (about 4"). It was stainless steel as advertised. The information was listed in a grid, similar to a spreadsheet. Everything was written in CAPS which make it very hard to read (there is actually studies confirming this). Based on the image on the website, the information is the same, but the image lays out the information so it is easier and faster to find what you are looking for. If the formatting is not an issue for you, then these are great. I however have bad eye sight and the bigger and more spread out the text, the better! Had I received what was pictured, I would have given it 5 stars. I suspect that what I received was the older model and amazon.com is simply getting rid of the older items first. 
I'm blown away! With 48 blades, this product really does the job quickly and quietly. No more BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! echoing off the walls which only produced a flat but still tough piece of meat. I'd gladly pay twice the cost for the Deni because it works! It's very sturdy, very sharp and easy to clean in the DW. I'm using cheaper cuts of meat sucessfully in recipes I had stored away because of toughness or price. Marinating is faster and more effective, cooking time can be reduced. Keep it away from kids. Protect your countertop. The best kitchen gadget I ever bought!! 
i bought this after reading many reviews and found that they were all in 2 catagories either you loved it or you hated it. i am no exception i really like it. it works like a dream on plush high pile carpets that you can't really run a regular vacuum cleaner over. i don't have any trouble getting it to pick up dirt. the price was great (less than $30) and bags and belts are easy to find and inexpensive. it could have a little more suction in the hose for attachments but it still picks up dirt well. the best use i get out of it is the roller brush. the roller is very strong and keeps going even when used on deep pile carpets 
I love to have a dinner party with a cake in this case. It's elegant and gets compliments from all. I have found it to be sturdy enough, as mine came in one piece and is not broken or cracked. This is a very nice case. Cake looks even more tempting 
The cutting boards are not silicone but have a thin layer of silicone sprayed over one side of another plastic that is not heat resistant. I placed a hot pan on one and it melted onto the bottom of the pan which took a great deal of effort to clean the melted plastic off so the pan could be used again. I prefer a thick cutting board so I bought these thinking that they were heat resistant so I wouldn't purchase them again 
So I read all your reviews previous to my purchase on this AND was skeptical. There were many reviewers that complained about cracks and problems holding an air-tight seal. MINE WORK PERFECTLY! They are invaluable and I'm glad I bought two of these canisters. Are you people sending the canisters through the dishwasher? If so, stop it! The intense heat will eventually crack anything made of plastic. Do you have an OLD model vacuum sealer? Maybe that's the problem - a performance issue. I have the newer stainless steel V2860 and you couldn't pry that out of my hands! I would give it 10 stars if there was such a rating. Today, I give this product 5 stars. Like most products - only time will tell how well they will hold out in the long run 
I'm a true Longaberger fan, but since they're getting out of control on their prices lately, I thought I'd try something else. This piece by far is the ONLY piece of pottery that I've found that can stand up to Longaberger's quality. This dish cleans beautifully and holds a nice-sized lasagna. I'm very, very happy with it and only wish I'd found the Le Creuset brand before now. Grab this dish - it will quickly become your favorite! I love the color 
Fantastic, works perfectly, easy to clean, much more sanitary than a n old fashioned bristle brush. Also gentler on the pastries or breads 
This item is the black sheep of the All Clad line. It is NOT a triply pan like other All Clad products and is made entirely of stainless steel(no aluminum). It is also made in Korea where other All Clad products are made in the USA. There are better roasters out there for less than half the price of this roaster 
We registered for this as a wedding gift and were disappointed to find the large dish shattered in both the first AND second box we picked up. It's a very attractive set; too bad it can't actually contain food due to broken corners, can't be washed in a dishwasher, can't be used on the stove, and can't be used to broil! You can't use the ramikin dishes for creme brulee, which is why I wanted them. Additionally, Target doesn't allow you to open the box in the store to check the merchandise. I realize most of the other reviews complain about the shattering too, but I just thought I'd point out that the Corningware doesn't have to be shipped to you to arrive broken 
I had this machine for about 3 years with no issues. But, how often do most people use their machine? I used it maybe 15 to 20 times. I went to use it yesterday and all of a sudden I see smoke and the bottom of the machine and that funny electric smell (We all know what that smell means) The plastic bottom of the base stuck to the machine and margarita's were everywhere (except in my glass). We had to throw the whole machine out. Now I will be buying a new machine, being that I enjoyed the convenience of the spout but if I can't find one thats non plastic I will use my blender. The smoothie maker makes less of a mess for drinks, a blender always doesnt pour as nice. I will not buy another plastic model again. (I believe this one was a gift to me) Do yourselfs a favor and spend the extra cash on a metal version or even glass if this exists, obviously the motor doesn't last long and the plastic parts break to fast according to other reviews I've read. 
I've owned this board for a year now. Pros- light weight, you can use very sharp knives on and not get much indentation on the board, compact. Cons- well it can be a con that it is light weight since if you are trying to cut a larger item it might shift, but honestly, if you just get a cutting board that is larger you'd have the perfect cutting board 
I am writing this to warn all of you cooks and bakers at home, that like me, prefer real commercial equipment in your kitchen. Anything less is just a toy. I had purchased the Waring Pro 1500 convection oven thinking this would be a quality convection oven to replace a Farberware convection oven that I have had for over 10 years and just plain wore out. I ordered the Waring Pro 1500 from a catalog/online store other than Amazon, I don't know if it is legal to say, but it does have the word Chef's in it. I was so excited to get it! I opened the box, set it up, and was so disappointed. It was made so poorly I was just sick. The stainless steel top was not smoothed out, the oven door was installed so crooked it scraped the metal off of the side of the controls, and it had been dropped or something before packing because the feet were up inside of the thing, and the top was bent down. The shipping packaging was fine, there was no broken packing and the box was fine. OK, so I sent that one back, got a replacement thanks to the wonderful customer service at the online store, and opened the second one, same thing!! I was so devastated, that I decided to give it a shot anyhow. While cooking with it, the door had such a bad seal that it just steamed out the front, sides and bottom. I was amazed that there could be such shoddy workmanship out there on what was being advertised as commercial quality. OK, so oven number two went back, and I tried one more, what the heck three strikes you are out right? Right!! Finally oven number three came and it was put together so much better, seal looked good, top and feet looked good, so I decided to give it a whirl. Once again, huge disappointment. The convection fan goes on and off with the burner coils. Thus not giving the cooking cycle a true convection. I called Waring customer service and it was confirmed by engineering that they designed the fan to come on and off with the coils. Bad design! It took longer to bake cookies in there than it would my regular oven, and then they were hard and dry. I rotisseried a chicken and it took over 1 and a half hours and when I cut it, the skin was soggy, not crisp, and it wasn't cooked all the way through after 90 minutes! The thing popped (sounded like it was going to blow up) every time it heated up because they riveted the rack holders in there so tight, also making it nearly impossible to go from racks to using baking trays. OK, that was it!! After extensive internet research, I finally found a convection oven that is truly a commercial oven made for residential use, and exchanged it with the wonderful catalog/online store mentioned before and got the Cadco Commercial (and I do mean Commercial) half size convection oven Model number OV-350 and have used it many times since it's arrival and absolutely love it!! I know it is twice the price, but as usual, you get what you pay for. There is a smaller size version of the Cadco/Broilking oven that is quarter size, for people that do not need to bake huge quantities like me, that is the same price as the Waring Pro. Please people, if you are at all a person that demands quality in your kitchen, do not waste your time on the Waring Pro, just skip right to the real commercial stuff and save yourself some major stress!! Thanks again to the wonderful customer service at the aforementioned catalong/online company for NOT making me be stuck with the worthless Waring PRO 1500!! Go for the Cadco! 
I was so excited when i found a contemporary stainless pattern to add to my gift registry. When i received the 20 piece set at a shower I was very ecited until I washed them and never got to eat off them because they RUST!!!! I called gourmet settings and they are sending me another set but I am removing the 45 piece set from my registry. I will use them for picnic silverware not dining roon silverware 
The extra long rubber portion of this spatula works very well to scrape down the sides of the bowl as it flexes along the curve of the bowl and reaches the bottom easily 
I liked the mug's look, feel, size. Then I took a drink of java from this mug... I never could get a lip lock on this mug. The rim is very thin very wide. It would always spill a couple of drops on my shirt. Nissan mugs have what I call a "lip ledge" that prevents the "dribble" effect to which the Bodum is prone. Nissan mugs also have a much smaller diameter rim which also makes drinking from them less hazardous to my white shirts 
I ordered these just to make my $25. I'm sure they are well worth the price I paid, would be ideal for a one/two person family. I will use them for gifts 
I couldn't wait to get the Dyson Root 6 - I've had my Dyson DC 07 for 4 years and I LOVE it, so I figured the mini-version would be fantastic. I have 3 Dustbusters (one on each floor) and I was looking forward to the Dyson version, which I was convinced would be top notch. I'm so sorry to be wrong. First off, having to press the button continuously to make it work is a pain. And speaking of pain, the Root is so heavy and unbalanced - all the weight is in the back which puts a lot of strain on your wrist. I haven't noticed any difference in suction to a Dustbuster, but then again, I don't suck up bowling balls. A Dustbuster picks up lint and cat litter just as well. Save your money - this Dyson ain't worth it 
I bought 3 of these. They are great. Easy to use, easy to clean and they work. After buying one I ordered 2 more for gifts and both of those people who recieved them also loved them. 
I purchased this product for two reasons: I own other Cuisinart cookware and like it very much...secondly, I frequently make spaghetti sauce with meatballs and find that a 3-quart saucepan just isn't large enough. The 4-quart size is perfect. For some reason I can't explain, my sauce tastes much better made in this saucepan 
I'm glad I bought this griddle! I've been stuck with teflon-coated nonstick pans for a while, and when I saw such great deals on cast iron pans, I had to buy a few. I ordered the griddle, the ~10" Logic grill pan, and the ~10" skillet. Thankfully all three qualified for free Super Saver shipping, because the cost to ship was more than the cost of the pans themselves! The order was placed late Monday night, and I was promised that my pans would ship by the following Monday. By Wednesday the griddle had arrived, and the grill pan showed up on Friday. Way to go, UPS! It turns out that its good to get these things early, because it takes a few days to get the "natural finish" pans properly seasoned. I think most of the complaints found in user reviews of cast iron cookware could have been avoided entirely had the reviewers simply taken the time to season their pans properly. Food won't stick to a cast iron pan if you've taken the time to season it until it's black and almost totally non-stick. It takes some time and paitence, but it's the same way with a good wok: you get out of it what you put into it, and this certainly reflects in one's cooking. Iif you're going to buy one of these pans, DO YOUR HOMEWORK! Ask Google about cast iron seasoning tips and instructions and you too can have an awesome cast iron pan. If you want to save some time, just buy the Logic line of pans, because saving the effort of seasoning is probably worth the massive price increase (the logic griddle is nearly double the price of the original). Keep in mind that you will eventually have to re-season the pan, but hopefully not for a while (we'll see how the grill pan turns out). I agree with some of the other reviews, the handle could stand to be made a little longer. I am a pretty physically fit chef, and I still find the griddle to be pretty hefty. A little extra ease of carrying a heavy piece of what's usually very hot iron would be great. I've found that grabbing it with a folded cotton (natural fibers don't melt!) towl helps, or if you're serious about using cast iron (and you like to sear meat on it) you should invest in a pair of welder's gloves or something equally thick and heavy and fireproof. This morning I pulled the griddle out of the oven where it had spent the past few days being alternately heated, rubbed down with peanut oil, and cooled; and I heated it up and made pancakes. You have not LIVED until you eat pancakes cooked on a hot cast iron surface. Teflon-coated pans simply cannot compare. I can't wait to try making grilled-cheese sandwiches, omelettes, and hashed browns on this griddle. With any luck, this will be the last griddle I ever need to buy (and hopefully the griddle my grandchildren won't have to buy) 
I bought this knife sharpener because I was tired of knives that would not cut the vender I brought it from, The Handy House, told me that it worked and I had bought things from her before on her word. And it works. My knifes are old dull. A few swips through the sharpener blade I had a brand new knife the price is also good. 
I've used this knife for nearly two years and I love it! It fits perfectly in my hand and takes a razor sharp edge with little effort. This knife sold me on the entire four star line 
This is a great device and has multiple settings to keep tasks on track. Very full featured and easy to use 
I LOVE THE COLORS AND THE HEAT RESISTANCE BUT FOUND THE WOODEN HANDLE ON ONE SPATULA ROUGH AND SPLINTERY. ALSO THE SPATULA IS SHOWING NICKS ON THE EDGES OF THE SILICON....DON'T UNDERSTAND BECAUSE I DON'T USE IT ON ROUGH EDGED BOWLS OR PANS 
We have not been able to use the sheets because they are so stiff and rough. They are wrinkled and no matter how many times they are washed they do not soften. The pillowcases are too narrow for our regular size pillows which makes the pillows too high and hard to be comfortable. We are totally dissatisfied and thoroughly disappointed and will be returning them if for no other reason than to get them out of the house. We do like the color, though 
The litter box is good if you have a cat that does not scratch. My cat sometimes tears up the box with her claws so I have to keep an eye on her and the box for leaking and holes. Other then that the chystals are excellent for odor 
These pans are a great value . They are heavy duty and will last for a long time. I do alot of baking and need to freguently replace them. They heat evenly to prevent burning. The extra large size cuts my time in half so I can spend more time enjoying the end results with my family. The silverstone coating makes clean-up a breeze. They are alittle heavy so they are not the best if you want those little hands to help in the baking. These pans are a must have for all 
I have a Profesional 6 model, and I did everything the recipe said for 1 batch of regular spaghetti pasta. It didn't kill the mixer, but the motor became very hot! I will never use it again. I also have the roto slicer/shredder, fruit/veggie strainer, food grinder sausage stuffer attachments...none of these have even made my stand mixer very warm. --That tells me the pasta maker attachment is a bad product. I am thankful that my model is 525 watts...I could only imagine what would have happened if I had a classic 300 watt model! My best advice is to pick up an inexpensive pasta machine or an Emperia hand crank pasta machine. They run between $20-40 without a motor or $80-120 with a motor (that you can also buy separately for $50-80). --A very small price to pay, if you want to keep your KitchenAid Stand Mixer! 
My husband drinks coffee continuously. Whenever we are in the car, I'm always after him not to spill his coffee and I constantly have to clean up the inevitable spills. We could never find a good cup that would fit in the cup holder so the spills were always on the floor or in his lap. This cup does spill if it's tipped over (I don't think any cup will ever be completely spill proof) but it fits in the cup holder and therefore doesn't spill as easily. I bought two, one for him and one for me (I drink ice water and tea) and they both fit together nicely side-by-side in our cars cup holder. They keep hot drinks hot and cold drinks cold for long periods of time. I have purchased loads of cups over the 34 years of our marriage and this has to be the best by far. I would highly recommend this item for everyone! 
The design features for the on/off switch is a good idea if you have dry hands and are prone to dropping things. Otherwise, the on/off switch is not good at all. The button is hard to press down and is a trigger type switch that does not allow for the blade to be left in the on position. You actually need to keep a lot of pressure of the switch to keep it going. The blade was sharp for the one and only time I used it. I took it back right after Thanksgiving 
I ordered 2 sets of four in case there was any breakage...and guess what...1 ramekin was broken leaving me with 7 dishes. To top it off, a few days later, I found a comparable set, slightly larger, at Big Lots, for only $7 for four. Of course this is always the risk we take through mail order...often it is not worth the time or trouble to get refunds or replacements 
I agree with the other reviewers; had the machine for a couple weeks, after 5 uses the machine didn't sit right on the base, causing the teeth between the base and the container to grind a bit. After that, it was all downhill. The base teeth were completely ground down within 2 uses. Interestingly, the new back to basics smoothie machines seem to have a better locking mechanism, and teeth that seem to be made of more durabe material 
The replacement filters for the SV726 do not fit and are not the same shape as the filter that came with the Shark Vac 
I am using this pad on a aerobed, so this wont be a good review for a person using it on a full sized mattress (I don't know if it will fit, it looks like it will but I haven't tried it). However, I can tell you that this is a durable mattress pad. It went camping with us without a problem. And it washes easily. those are important factors to consider 
Works if you have COLD soda and it's frozen. After 2 cans it's done. Yes you get two of the sleeves, but I'm not pleased. Better luck with a 99 cent foam coozi 
I am quite enamoured with this little utensil. I bought it because it was the cheapest silicone spatula I found, but it turned out also to be the best designed. The all-silicone construction not only protects the handle from melting, and you pot from scratching, but makes it the easiest and most comfortable to use as well. Also note that most silicone products are only rated for use up to 400F or so, while this is rated to 600F. I havent used it at temperatures that high, but I'm comforted to know I have that option if the need arises 
I've owned this grill pan for almost 2 years now and it does a great job of grilling everything from burgers to chicken, fish and thick steaks. It has the ability to heat up to a very high temperature, enabling me to nicely sear the outside of the meat. I can then pop the whole pan in the oven to finish cooking the inside of thick steaks or just to keep warm. As for clean up, the pan does need to sit and soak for a little while but after that, everything comes off with relative ease. No hard scrubbing involved. Overall, I love this product and highly recommend it 
Liked the product when it was working. I used the machine about 4 times a week for 18 months. It will mix the ingredients but does not heat up the drink any more 
Took the blender out of the box. Cleaned the jar and lid and started trying to use. It ran for a few seconds and then I started smelling something burning and the blender quit. I attempted to contact customer support and couldn't get through. The telephone message suggested I leave a message and they would call back. I attempted to leave a message but it said the mailbox was full. Not a good sign 
Took a few minutes to get the hang of using the rolling pin, after that it became a piece of cake. I love the length, weight and now it is the only rolling pin that I use 
This stockpot is the best of all the Visions offerings. The worst being the skillet. It's great for popping corn too. 
The blender part that holds the blade broke the second time I used it to crush ice. The food processor part works ok, but the major problem is it's extremely loud. It's beyond the pain level. It's so loud, I have to use hearing protection or my ears are ringing for 15 minutes afterwards. It's louder than my circular saw 
I love products that are genuinely high quality goods. This fan comes under that category. If you are looking to purchase a fan, I can recommend this one 
I bought the 14 piece set for my parents and then added this pan to their collection. They just love it. It is so nice that my mom doesn't even bother to put food in a serving dish, she just sits this pan on the table when we have company. It is so regal and incredibly well made. It always looks beautiful. The other thing I like is that the handles and bottom of the pan are stamped Cuisinart so everyone knows this is a quality item. I'm very happy with my purchase 
The table comes unassembled, but assembly is easy. You will need a large phillips and medium sized phillips screwdrivers. Also the supports on the side for the top will need to be driven on using a hammer, or large chunk of scrap wood. The fit on mine was too tight to be simply slid on. Construction is the cam type that is popular now. All pieces are adequately labled, and small hardware comes nicely packaged; the most convenient I have ever seen. There is an error in the assembly documentation. There are two pieces (1B and 1C, the table sides) which are as far as I can tell are identical. After hardware is installed as indicated on pabe 6 of 13 there is a difference. The two sides are mirror images. On the following page part 1C is shown but labled 1B. This error did not cause me a problem during assembly. The intent was clear to me. The looks are good. It looks a little clunky to achieve an excellent rating from me. A little milling would help a lot on the drawer face 
I bought this thing due to my inablity to handle heat effectively anymore like I used to. The unit was not deffective or anything like that, but it also only works under very specific conditions and that window is small. While it is stated in the manual that it's not an A/C unit or super powerful and that it works off of evaporation. I found it to be nothing more than an inconvienance than effective. The fan at the back of the unit doesn't have enough power to move the lightest of feathers let alone allow one to feel anything. While the manual claims that the fan is for cooling the back of your neck I find it is more functional to the evaporation chambers. Overall, the unit just keeps your neck wet and doesn't really cool anything. I found that the unit did work a little more noticably if it was not that hot out and you stood still. Anything over 85 degrees and it fails. Don't waste your money on this thing until someone comes out with a better system 
Especially for your guests. But you could use them in your master-bath, of course. The pile embroidery design is very pretty very quality looking. I bought towels hand towels after I was so pleased with the first batch. They are absorbant and the color is a yummy butter-creamy. And, a great buy. What more can you ask for 
I am on my third machine now, and it too is leaking. Dont get me wrong, the coffee tastes really good, always fresh. But after a while the machine starts to leak when you are making a cup of coffee. I guess the machine only cost 25 bucks now, so if you dont mind only using it for a month it is a great buy 
Even on its highest setting, it isn't very loud. Handy electronic screen shows how much longer it is until the filter needs to be washed or vacuumed. I used to wake up in the mornings because I had a stuffy nose due to all the dust where I live, and now that's gone. I would say this is a worthy investment to anyone who is looking into buying a HEPA filter, but doesn't want to go broke from the filter costs. Its CADR (Clean Air Delivery Rate) is Tobacco smoke: 145 Dust: 140 Pollen: 130 This air cleaner is suggested for use in a single closed room up to 227 square feet. I'm using it in a room that's barely 200 square feet. I can sleep with it on its high setting, but I like white noise, so some may get annoyed with it. On high, the sound is akin to a normal fan that someone would run on their desk 
The cooking set looks great. However, once you heat the pot/ pan, the steel material handles become super hot. I have to return the huge box 
A fork is a fork, right? This does what you'd expect. The All Clad difference is that it is beautiful and because it's stainless, it's a very hefty knife. I think with will hold a large heavy cut of meat well. I use mine for chicken. Sparkles when you put it in the diswasher 
Well, it started off a fairytale. This small vacuum has a lot of power. Unfortunatley, I think I have permanant hearing damage from the volume of this vacuum. It is EXTREMELY loud, it terrified my pets and I had ringing in my ears after using it. It worked very well for about 6 months and then pooped out on me. I'm not sure if the motor gave out or what, but the suction doesn't work even though the brushes still spin. THE FILTER IS A PAIN! I run a rabbit rescue and deal with a lot of pet hair, it just clogs up way to fast. If you have a small apartment with merely area rugs, this might be ok, just make sure you buy some ear plugs. YIKES. 
Door advance feature broke after several weeks. Lower heating element broke after six months. Customer service refused to stand behind the product, stating that the warranty was expired. Note to buyer- warranty is one year from time of manufacture- NOT the date you actually receive it as a gift or purchase it. The knobs on the unit are like a child's toy- cheap and plastic. This is a highly disappointing product- I doubt we will buy another Delonghi product again 
i wish i saw the feedback before i bought this...this thing sucks you have to charge it 15hours just to get 23minutes of nothing.. it has no power and it just pushes the cheese it doesnt even grade it...please dont waste your mone 
First the plastic top broke off at 6 months. Then it stopped working at 9. I have one word: Junk 
This grinder worked well for about two months before the internal spring that holds the nutmeg in place became loose. Now there is so little pressure against the nutmeg, that the blade can no longer do any grinding. In addition, the size and shape of the entire mill are awkward for my small hands. I regret not having read the other reviews before buying this. 
I've used these for a while and they still hold up pretty well. They say not to put them in the dishwasher but I have and the non-stick is holding up fine. The lids fit nice and tight and the handles don't get too hot - unless you are just taking one of them out of the oven, in that case the handle will be HOT. All said I definately recommend these cause: 1. There is just the right pans for most situations - who really needs 15 pans? 2. You get good quality for the money. 3. The non-stick is terrific 
I have been using a Brita pitcher for years but with the last two boxes of filters, a green slime grew in the pitcher after less than a month of use. I've heard the Brita faucet filter attachments are worse. I'm looking for another product. 
These pans are mahvelous, dahling. Having said that, I've read lots of reviews that included complaints about the strength of the adhesive used to stick the labels on the pans. To one, to all: There is a product called "GOO GONE" that is designed for just this type of thing. You can find it almost anywhere, hardware stores, grocery stores, etc. It works in minutes, and leaves no trace of the adhesive behind. Just be sure the wash the pan afterwards. Happy adhesive-free baking 
I have this and mini-pans and muffin pans - all silicone. They are great. The biggest problem is that the bread tends to expand the sides of the soft pan so the sides are a bit wider. I never oil the pans and the bread pops out easily. The muffins too ususally since the recipe often has oil in it. Great product. Never noticed any odd taste/smell 
I have tried to purchase this item since May 2006. Without explanation, after my order was processed and I was given a date of delivery the order was cancelled and I received a notice that the board was not available. How strange is that? If you call the company they tell you the item is availble through Amazon. Would really like to understand what has happened. I feel somewhat less unhappy since I read a review of this very pricey item saying it was not worth the cost. 
The other reviewer was luckier than I was. Mine warped immediately, which forced off the end pieces 
Openning a dog food can is nearly impossible without at least 6 or 7 tries to get the blade to catch. I bought it; I regret the purchase; I threw it out. This really hurts the cuisinart image 
This pricey toaster is not worth its weight in bread. For the first few weeks it seemed to evenly brown the bread but since then it has become the worst toaster I have ever owned. It is impossible to get evenly browned bread instead you get burnt crust and blotches of brown randomly scattered over the bread. SAVE YOUR MONEY. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT 
Unlike the other reviewers, my Kitchenaid cork screw worked fine for almost two years. It never quite pulled the cork far enough out of the bottle to suit me -- it didn't make cork pulling labor-free -- but I found it much easier than any previous such tool I ever owned. Alas, as in many of the other reviews, the screw finally broke off in a cork and the device seems irreparable. A cheap plastic cork screw had to be called into service. I just visited the Kitchenaid web page and they don't offer a cork screw for sale anymore. I presume that I will soon toss mine as well. Planning to buy one of these for $30? Clint would ask you: Do you feel lucky 
I thought that this would actually be something that I would need when I registered for this for my wedding. But this is more of a toy for the kitchen than something that you will actually use. Sure kids might like to use it when they cook, but in all the time that I have owned one, I have only used it once. Its more of a hassle because you have to clean it out afterwards. You are better off without it 
This coffee maker is so simple to use any husband can do it! And, it makes a mighty fine cup of Joe at that! Shipping was free, and it arrived in perfect shape in a timely matter. Highly recommended 
I LOVE THE COLORS AND THE HEAT RESISTANCE BUT FOUND THE WOODEN HANDLE ON ONE SPATULA ROUGH AND SPLINTERY. ALSO THE SPATULA IS SHOWING NICKS ON THE EDGES OF THE SILICON....DON'T UNDERSTAND BECAUSE I DON'T USE IT ON ROUGH EDGED BOWLS OR PANS 
What a delightful gadget - works as advertised (how unusual)! Creates nice slices of mango without the mess and without ending up with all the small slivers of fruit you normally get. Love it 
The glass is quite fragile. I had two break 
I can not testify as to how well this unit makes toast. I basically bought this Toaster oven for it oven capabilities. * I like the fact that the oven cuts off after the timer expires. Things burn quicker in a toaster oven. * My major gripe: I often can not selected the correct oven temperature. For example, today I needed to warm up some bread sticks to go with Italian dish. The box told me to set the temperature to 375 degress. Guess what, there is no 375 degree temperature on this unit. There is a 355 and 390. Other frequently requested temperature settings missing on this unit are 350, 400, 450. 425 is the only relatively common temperature setting that is found on this Toaster Oven. As a "don't fire up the big oven heating up the house on a hot summer day" unit, this toaster oven comes up a little short 
This cooking/serving stainless steel slotted spoon, like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line, is a great value of superior quality, unsurpassed durability, and flawless performance. Its ergonomic design, hefty body, and big, pressure-absorbing, non-slip grip, complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers, are the reasons why you'll prefer this product to the more traditional models, as they will allow you comfortable, daily, wet or dry use while keeping you away from any stress-related injuries. Its elegant, stylized shape makes it perfect to use either in the kitchen or at the dinner table, and it also comes with an oversized hole at the tip of the handle for easy hanging, and a strong, stout neck guaranteed to be unbendable. Overall, this spoon is perfect to strain vegetables, fruits, shrimp and other foods, and its easy to clean, simple construction and dishwasher-safe, hardwearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years. Furthermore, its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away. After submitting this product to over three years of normal, everyday use, mine is still just like new. --Reviewed by Maritza Volma 
For years I used my mother's cookie shooter to make my holiday spritz cookies. When I bought my first house I wanted my own cookie shooter. Boy, I wish I hadn't purchased this one. The first time I used it I thought, "It shouldn't be this hard to use or take this long!" But I was using it correctly. The motor is SO WEAK! My biggest grip however is with the threaded rod that twists to push the dough out. The rod has an indentation all the way down, so when it's twisting, it constantly skips back up and never eventually pushes the dough down the tube. If I do get a cookie out of it, it's misshaped and took at least 30 seconds to get out. What a piece of junk! 
I bought one of these muffin pans because I was excited at the prospect of owning a piece of bakeware whose lining wasn't destroyed by the 3rd time I wanted to use it. For that alone, I would give this item 5 stars. I am not an experienced baker, but I think that after reading the other review for this item that more balanced comments need to be stated regarding the actual use of this muffin pan. So here are my comments: 1. You need to use a cookie sheet (or something similar) to support the pan since it is flexible. 2. The muffins cook faster than with a metal pan. 3. The muffins seem small if you fill the cups as you would with a metal muffin pan - you can actually fill them up all the way. (Recall that I am not an experienced baker; as an engineer I suspect that since the muffins cook differently, i.e. faster, this could be compensated by adjusting the batter in some manner. As far I'm concerned as long as the muffins taste good, it doesn't matter to me.) 4. The coating is not exactly non-stick. You do not need to grease the pan, but you do need to be careful when it comes time to remove the muffins. I use the dull side of table knife to separate the muffin sides from the pan (while gently pulling the pan). After doing that I put a plate on top of the muffin pan and hold it against the pan as I invert the pan. All I have to do then is tap the bottoms of the muffin cups to get them out. By my third time doing this I was able to get them all out intact and unscathed. I am very happy with my muffin pan - it might take a little bit of getting used to for someone used to other pans - but for me, the benefit of not having a cheap non-stick coating peeling off of the metal after a year more than compensates for a slight learning curve on the use 
I had slightly older edition of the Krups Crystal Aroma for several years, until I lost one carafe too many - if you're careless, when empty they tend to roll like a bowling ball right off the countertop. But that's my fault. The Crystal Aroma carafe looks cool and the filter would probably help if you have unpleasant tap water, but overall, the quality of the coffee it produces is merely OK. The reason not to buy this coffeemaker is that Krups now makes a much better one. "Aroma control" is a poor description for the recent line of Krups coffeemakers by that name actually do. The Aroma Control machines have a simple, but ingenious mechanism for retaining the coffee in the brewing chamber for an extra minute before letting it drip through into the carafe. More than filters or an exotic shape that supposedly retains aromas, that extra minute of brewing makes all the difference in the world. Unless you're just in love with that round carafe, skip the "Crystal Aroma" and move on to the "Aroma Control" line. 
Three months after a purchase and I still haven't seen it 
I bought this and some other pans in the set. Very disappointed. I have a glass cooktop, and when the pans heat up, they warp. Then return to their normal shape when they cool down. Guess I got what I paid for 
its just a simple plastic tube that fits on the end of the grinder attachment so you can stuff sausage. So how did they manage to mess this one up? The flare at the wide end of the horn does not sit flat against the head of the grinder, so when you go to tighten the ring down to hold it into place, the collar can not screw on all the way. The result? A build up of meat in the front part of the collar. This eventually begins to drip down making a bloody mess of whatever is under the grinder attachment. How hard would it have been for Kitchenaid to design the horn so it fitted flat in place and the collar would have screwed on tight? 
I received the DeLonghi XR640 Toaster Oven and was disappointed to find it unuseable. The wire rack inside was such a tight fit, it took 2 hands to pull it out! After a few times doing this, the enamel finish was starting to come off, which would soon result in rusting metal. I never turned it on, just returned it immediately. 
I love having these Pyrex cups in varying sizes. The large ones are great for mixing and pouring batter, like pancakes. The smaller one let's you measure once, to get 1 1/2 or 2 cups of liquid 
If you prep a lot of fruits and vegetables in your kitchen, this is the set for you. The Santoku knife is lighter than a standard chef's knife. But this is what makes it so wonderful on fruits and vegetables. I have used it to carve prime rib (just to see how if worked) and it performed just as well as my chef's knife, except that it is a little smaller. I find that I use the Santoku 90% of the time in my kitchen. If you are diminutive female, this knife feels right in the hand since it is a little smaller than a standard chef's knife. I love the blade on this knife. It holds an edge much longer than my non-Wustof knives. The paring knife is nothing special. But it does have the same nice hard blade that is on the Santoku. You will not be disappointed in this purchase if you love to cook. 
Who had the bright idea with putting the spout so low that this thing will boil thru so easily? since it doesn't make any noise that it is boiling, you know when the water start to burst thru the spout area and it is not a good thing. And what is up with the leaky spout in the weld area anyways? Welding is a skill that if done right, it would NOT leak! The handle will get hot so wear your glove. On the plus side, the stainless steel looks very nice which is why i bought it in the first place. I use to have a cheap tea pot that cost half the price of this one and it was more reliable (lasted 2 years) so that just goes to show that just because it cost more, it don't mean it would last longer. Mine start to leak after 4 months. I am going to buy that cheap one again if they still makes it. Overall, i cannot recommend this tea pot due to the spout flaw. 
When I first saw this pattern on-line, I was truly impressed with the design. This pattern was exactly what I had been searching for such a long time. However, after I received the shipment, I couldn't believe how even more beautiful these dishes were...and they compliment the wallpaper that's in my dining room! Best purchase I have made in a very long time 
this stockpot is wonderful!! The weight is professional, the size perfect and the handles are great for a little old lady like me!!ha ha! What a fabulous buy!! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you 
Worked very well when whipping up a roux. The heavy disc bottom did a good job of evenly distributing heat and didn't scorch. The rounded sides meant that I had no problem getting a whisk into the sides of the pan. Cleaned up easily and looks really nice. Whoever designed this stuff got the shape and materials right; it is very aesthetically pleasing. The main downside is that at 1 quart, it is not as useful if you need to cook for more than 2-4 people. Note to the person who had the pan discolor: simply sprinkle a little bit of "Barkeeper's Friend" in the pan and rub with a damp sponge. I find this cleaner shines up all my stainless steel to like-new condition with no scrubbing or scratching. It also works to keep the copper banding looking shiny 
I have used Pyrex bakeware for over 20 years, and I was shocked when my fairly new 9x13 pan shattered. I figured I just got unlucky and got a bad one. I was going to buy a new one - thank goodness I read the reviews first! And yes, I did follow instructions - I baked my lasagne at 350 degrees, did not use an open flame or broiler, etc etc. I can't believe this safety hazard is still allowed to be sold! I am so mad! I am switching to Corningware now 
I thought this set was cute in the picture, but was so excited when it actually came! It is truly a beautiful set. I have run them through the dishwasher a number of times already and they come out looking like new, and my husband loves the "larger than normal" size. I have little hands I really like them too -they are very sturdy. The biggest bonus, other than the 8 settings plus the 5 piece serving set, is the extra 8 teaspoons! 
I thought it was a good deal to order a "Factory-Reconditioned" Roomba 4210 Discovery to save some money, however... It arrived! I excitedly opened the box. First impression... The unit was dirty, very heavily scatched and scuffed. Not exactly a good first impression. I then lifted the Roomba out of the box and I was immediately covered with dirt and dust. The bottom of the box was also filled with dirt and dust and hair. I flipped it over and discovered the brushes covered with dirt, dust and someones (or somethings!) hair. I was grossed out, but even worse, the other person in the room (who suffers from allergies) started to sneeze violently. I spent the next 20 minutes thoroughly vacuuming the entire room and all other horizontal surfaces I could reach. I think it is very obvious that NOBODY did anything with this Roomba since the previous owner returned it besides transfer the polystyrene packing box to a new cardboard box that says "Remanufactured" on it! In summary - BE VERY CAREFUL!!! If you ordered a "Factory-Reconditioned", be aware that it might be pre-filled with someone elses dust, dirt, hair and who knows what else. I think I might have to bite the bullet and pay full price. I like the idea of this product, but not the pre-filled one I received 
Although I ordered the juicer in the color black, I received the product in white. If not for the color I would have purchased it locally. After approximately 6 months of satisfactory occasional use the juicer is no longer functional. Some of the teeth on the gear that is connected to the press lever have broken off. I had expected a product this simple would have lasted for years. I am obviously totally disappointed 
These are excellent! Instead of reaching for a paper towel, I grab one of these (choosing a size that completely covers the top of the item I am microwaving), and then wash it when finished. I did notice that the smooth side should be on top to prevent it from curling up when it gets hot. I really like the fact that you can see through it since I couldn't see through paper towels 
A normal coffee maker requires a quick rinse; this machine requires a wash, rinse and a thorough drying of the grinding unit. You can't just rinse the grinding unit because the fine coffee grounds need to be washed out. If it wasn't for the fact that we spent nearly $100 for this unit, I would throw it away. SAVE YOUR MONEY - DON'T BUY IT 
This little grill is not so little, with a large grill surface, but it takes up so little space on my apartment's patio - so it is perfect for those of us who only have a small patio or balcony. It is easy to use, easy to clean, and grills perfectly - no mess, no fuss. 
If you want to pay over $100 you can find much better quality, but for 70% less this is a fantastic value 
I received this saute pan for Xmas. I have other Caphalon (no-stick) pans and was delighted, based on claimed attributes of their top-of-line pan. However, my pan did not have a flat bottom which is a problem on an electric range. I returned to Caphalon and hav'nt heard a thing. I tired to claim lost but ups has proof of delivery - I would like to get a known reliable brand. I dislike poor products, am extremly disappointed with the service and total inconvience of the warranty program. 
We have three dogs so the fur is endless. I come home from work and start the Roomba and voila, no more dog hair. It picks up more stuff than my other vacuums ever did. 
This knife works nicely. The blades have remained sharp after carving roasted chicken and turkey, roast beef, and yes even cakes over the past year. The handle wipes off cleanly after use and doesn't suffer from the extreme electric motor vibration that so many electric knives have. The handle stays cool as well. I don't have anything bad to say about this item, it has been a true performer 
Pfaltzgraff products are always reliably good, the Pistoulet dinnerware actually makes me feel cheerful when I use it. The colors are great and the designs are whimsical. I bought two sets in different colors and mix and match which makes the eating experience even more fun. I want to start collecting all the fun serving pieces too. The only thing I didn't like was taking stickers off each piece in the box. That always makes me crazy, it should be against the law to put stickers on dishes 
When I opened the box, I noticed corrosion on the lid. When I contacted Rival customer service via email, they told me I had to purchase a new lid. I called and spoke with a customer service representative and they told me that a lid was not covered under warranty. When I explained that I just opened it and it was defective they told me to just return the product that there was nothing that they were going to do. After being treated this way, I will NOT be purchasing any more Rival products if they don't stand behind their product!!!!! VERY VERY poor customer service 
My knives started to rust after 3wks of use. I didn't put them in the dishwasher either. I just leave them in the sink w/the dirty dishes till I'm ready to wash. But that shouldn't be the problem. I have a cheap $3 butcher's knife from chinatown that hasn't rusted yet and I treat that one the same 
It isn't at all like what I expected. It is a very dense Jersey (knit) and keeps shape while stretching over an 18" mattress 
After reading some of the reviews, I was somewhat reluctant to buy this product, but it went on sale at $3.99, and I decided to risk it. It measures up the the quality and function of most Oxo products. The measurements on the side and inside are completely accurate, which is different from what some have described. I like the cup better than my pyrex ones for dry and cold liquid products, but being plastic, it cannot be used for hot products that contain grease or oil. The handle is ergonomically designed and is easy to scoop flour, sugar, beans, or other bulk products. The only negative is that you have to have another measuring cup for hot, greasy products 
Just go for new shaped cookies, these cutters are great and so simple to use 
I love my Duvet cover. It's extremely soft, softer than I expected. The large buttons add to the charm. I would buy another duvet cover in a heartbeat. Denis 
I purchased this French press for my husband several weeks ago and I love it. Happy with the regular coffee maker, I had little interest in the item until I saw it in action for the first time. It's so easy to use and the flavor of the coffee is much smoother. It's also beautiful. I purchased two matching cups at the same time and they remind me of Russian tea glasses---a collecting favorite of mine. I highly recommend this all-around good buy 
From the start, it was apparent that the temperature displayed was 5 or 6 degrees higher than two other digital thermometers I had in the same room. So I followed the calibration instructions and was only able to get the display to read 34.1 degrees in a 32 degree solution... ok, so I can live with 2.1 degree inaccuracy. After calibrating, the room temperature was also only off by about 2 degrees. However, I decided to test it in boiling water and the display read 193 degrees (water boils at 212F). So, If you are counting on this thermometer to tell you anything important (such as if your meat is cooked suffiently or if your beer water is the right temperature for steeping), I would make sure it is accurate at the temperature of interest before using... or avoid it all together, which I wish I had done 
The waffle baker (formerly waffle iron) works great. Make that 'worked great.' For an entire month, then it died. It was, of course, under warranty. No problem, we were told, we will ship a new one to your door. Great! we thought. That was three months ago. The latest is the honchos see no reason to hurry(!) our replacement. Customer service is hoping -- not guaranteeing, not promising, but hoping -- we will get our replacement in mid-January. If, and it is a very big 'if', we get our replacement in January, that will make the score 5 to 1 against us. For six months they will have had our money, and for one month of the six we will have had a functioning waffle baker. It would seem that it is difficult to do much worse than buy a waffle baker that dies after a month with no replacement on the horizon. Great when it works, but it doesn't work, so how many stars is it really worth? 2? 1? None? A negative number? And it really was a great toy. Drat! 
Look carefully at where the spout is mounted. If you fill above this line, with the lid on tight, when it boils, boiling water shoots out of the spout. And the lid fits so tight it is hard to remove without burning. I'm suprised to see this still being sold 
I bought my first one about 14 months ago - it lasted about 8 months. Motor made a high pitched sound and blew coffee all over. I dismantled the whole unit - it then worked for about 2 days. I called Kitchenaid - (they are right about no hassle warranty) They quickly sent me out a new one. This new one lasted about 6 months - and now has the same symptoms. I really wish this was the grinder for me - I LOVE the Capacity for bean storage and LOVE the way it looks - I have been forced to look at other grinders. Hope this helps. By the way - I used grinders twice daily - in the morn and then in the evening - not like I was putting a whole lot of strain on them! Hope this help 
I was actually satisfied with this slicer until I needed to clean it. When you remove the blade, there is a plastic ring or seal that clings to a metal rim with brittle, plastic "fingers". An intelligent engineer would have seated this ring in a channel rather than have it mounted by flimsy, brittle fingers to a thin semi-circle of metal. Mine broke on the 4th cleaning; now the blade is extremly difficult to align, and it wobbles if you leave the part off. Waring's website does not offer this part for sale, and customer service has not yet returned my call. Updated March 24, 2006: Customer service told me to clean this slicer by removing the three mounting screws rather than using the center screw. This is more difficult, and does not permit you to clean accumulated goop that gets behind the seal. They did send me a new ring or seal, but I had to eventually remove the whole blade when the smell of the goop became too strong. All of the fingers had broken off the seal, so I had to use duct tape to reapply it. And the blade really wobbles now. I see a few people really liked this slicer; I suspect they had not cleaned it before writing 
It's common to see these steamers all over the place and from Amazon's display, this certainly didn't look any different. What made me decide to get this was the price and when I opened the box and examined it, I was pleased to find how well-made this item is 
These are thin, lightweight, flexible mats that are great for chopping things on and then picking up and folding up the edges to pour the food into a pot/pan. This thinness/flexibility has a "downside" too: I do agree with the other reviewers that these mats tend to curl up and not lay flat. However,they clean up easily, the price is right, and I am happy with my purchase. 
I'd purchased the "big brother" to this KitchenAid cutting board about a year ago, so I understand the frustration of the reviewers who complain about the apparently unremoveable label. (It sounds petty until you try to scrape it off yourself.) The label DID eventually come off, but it did take a bit of muscle. So I'm glad to say that this board arrived, a month or two ago, with no sign of a nasty Kitchenaid label at all. No more wrestling with my kitchen equipment for ME! And, like the larger version of this cutting board, this one really is excellent. It really is non-stick, even when the board is wet (such as when you rinse off the tomato goop before you cut up the scallions). It cleans easily and quickly, and has no objection to the dishwasher. Plus, it looks pretty enough that I don't mind bringing it to the table, which is more than I can say for most non-wood cutting boards 
OK so I got this set for free, but I would have paid something for it. The little peeler works fine but the parer isn't the sharpest knife in my knife block. I've attempted to sharpen it but it doesn't hold an edge well 
I've had one of these for many years and it recently went on the fritz after a LOT of usage. I'm getting another. It can't be beat - and the fact that it's cordless is huge. You can have a table full of folks for dinner, and walk around freely with your percolator; no unplugging required. And the coffee comes out delicious 
My mother is Korean and so I grew up using stainless steel chopsticks. Apparently they're quite popular in Korean households...as well as stainless steel rice bowls. You might have seen them, the ones with the stainless lids? Anyway. These are just like the ones I grew up using. There are some drawbacks (like the noodle comment made earlier) but it's not a product flaw. Yes, wooden chopsticks are going to grip better, but they also tend to mildew if used repeatedly and have to be restocked. Lacquer coated wooden chopsticks tend to flake after a while. And besides, when eating asian food you don't really pick up individual noodles (which would have you slipping and sliding). You sorta grab a large portion and bring your face close to the bowl and slurp them down. I think the Japanese actually bring the bowl to their face instead. Trust me...it all goes where it needs to. The main thing is getting use to their diameter. These are much more slender than the wooden chopsticks you see in restaurants. Not for the novice chopsticker 
Mine worked reasonably well for about 7 months; then stopped switching itself off and eventually overheated the plastic bulkhead which holds the coil, giving off a strong (presumably toxic) odour of melted plastic, also affecting the taste of the water. Amazon does not sell this item in Britain, where it would never get through the safety tests required by consumer legislation, but apparently they are quite happy to put American lives in danger 
I bought one of your pans and I was so very careful with it only using plastic or wood utensils. The pan has got big bubbles in it and the nonstick finish is pealing off. I rate this very poor 
I purchased this for my Mom. Her main criteria being a large size kettle. She reports that she "Loves it" and that it heats up very quickly 
I am a great cook but not a good bread baker. This machine is a joy, a godsend, I love it. Easy to use, easy to clean and it never fails. Buy it now-you won't be sorry. I had 2 different breadmakers before this one-they shall remain nameless-just buy this one. I have had mine for 2 years this Christmas-what fun I have had with it 
We have had this garlic press for a number of years, but now its handles have turned so gummy from repeated dishwashing that they turn the kitchen counter black just by laying it down. Plan on buying a new one every couple of years 
I have numerous Le Creuset items, and this has to be the worst one. Everything sticks to the finish. Salsbury steak turns out horrible (can't make gravy), breakfast sausage patties become ground sausage pieces due to the sticking. And, like mentioned in an earlier post, it is hard to clean. Beware this new finish, (they have it on their grill pans also)it is not up to par 
I have used mine for over a year now. I will never buy anything except this line of cookware in the future. Never sticks, easy to clean, after a year of everyday use (family of 6) it's still in good shape! Note: We only clean it with a dobie pad as directed! Large enough to do four american-toast at the same time. Great heat distribution. Just great, and BIG! Gave it to some friends as a present, they love it too. Glad I found it in this lifetime! Get it - I think You'll love it too! And No, I have no affiliation with calaphon 
i agree these sheets are horrible.. i should have know better.. I have the same issues as every one else does.. I dont know what will happen after the second wash.. They will proably fit the crib.. Dont waste your money 
This flatware set is beautiful enough for special occasions but practical enough for everyday family use. We wash it in a dishwasher with no special treatment and it comes out shining everytime. My family love the solid feel of the forks 
I Love the way the Tefal deep fryer cooks, however, I am returning my second one due to a defective lid closure. The lid may close initially, but after a few uses it no longer stays closed. Since I have small children in my home, I will not be purchasing this one again. 
My friend Orri suggested the Breville 800JEXL. My husband, who enjoys dishes to cooking, has become the expert juicer. It's definitely worth the extra money if you are serious about juicing. Remember.... If you're in a rush, but want juice, simply wash the breville off and save the soaping for the dishwasher. The clean up is really not bad if you cook and are use to doing dishes. Have fun. Ginge 
I bought this product hoping it would solve my problem with my barking terrier. He didn't even notice it was there. I put it near his crate and it still didn't stop him from barking. I pushed the manual button and still nothing. It promises to stop annoying barking, but it didn't stop my dog for one minute. It was a complete waste of my money 
Simply put, it doesn't work. Well, perhaps it can work on some types of fabrics/garments in very specific (or limited) situations, but it didn't work on mine. You can't manage to get a continuous flow of steam, even if you keep on pumping the button frequently (what it doesn't support, as a matter of fact, because there's a limit of bursts of steam it can shoot out in a row before "reloading"). I returned it to seller (Brand Variety, that refunded me without problems, no question asked). Not recommended 
I loved the way the Vortex Digital Heater heated and the way it kept cool to the touch. But within a week, the one I had started cutting off when it hit the set temperature and did not come back on. I was worried that it was overheating all the time and called Vortex who told me I could send it in at my expense and pay $15 to fix it. I emailed my Amazon seller (Louise at Pinnacle Packaging) who was wonderful and paid to have it sent back to her, and is going to refund my money. I think I am going to buy another one only I am going to purchase it from a local store and make sure I can bring it back if the new one does the same thing. I guess I am a sucker but I really liked the way the thing worked when it worked correctly 
It picked up great but one month before the warranty expired the thing made terrible noises and didn't self-propel correctly. Sent it in for repair, took a month. They said "nothing" was wrong and sent it back, but now it works. I wouldn't buy another one. For $300 it should last more than a year before repairs are needed. Spend your money on something built better. http://www.candle-licious.com Su 
This is not a very good hot tea brewer. The tea doesn't steep hardly at all and there is no difference between the strength settings. The water is also not heated to boiling. It is really just a glorified coffee maker. You would be better off purchasing a more traditional teapot for far less money 
I researched a lot before buying this slow cooker. I have a Nesco roaster that I love and use often. I needed a large slow cooker. I started researching. Started out with the all clad but everyone said it got really hot. I wanted a good one. The Cuisinart had good ratings elsewhere and I thought well even it cooks faster that is fine. I will just watch it until I get used to it and go from there. Every dish I have watched..they all cooked in LESS than half the allotted time. Today I made a crock pot mac and cheese casserole and it burned within ONE HOUR. Way too hot. I called Cuisinart several times and they said I may have a defective unit. Well I doubt it. I just think it runs hot. I really was dismayed because I love the size and the design of this cooker. Really was not up to par with Cuisinart products that I know and love. Let me also say that I am a good cook. I feel that I know my way around any appliance. I was not happy that I was not going to be able to leave this cooker all day but I was ok to give it a try. It is not at all what I expected. I read the other reviews here and wish I would have taken heed of them. I had read good reviews elsewhere and saw two articles in magazines on this cooker being the best. If you are going to spend 100 bucks on a slow cooker, stop, get one of the higher end rival ones with a timer and then get a nesco roaster. You can cook anything all summer without heating up your kitchen. 
Roomba was given as a gift to me. Not only is it noisy, but it took 2 hours to do my small house with 3 rooms closed off to it (about 1000 sq ft). It takes me 15 minutes to swiffer the house. It missed a LOT of areas. Yuck 
I bought this to replace my old Mouli grater which finally bit the dust. Big mistake. It is sturdy and reasonably well designed, but the grating surfaces barely work at all, or at least mine didn't. To get it to grate cheese takes a long time and a lot of muscle, so much so that you are likely to start wondering how badly you really want the grated cheese. I tried the grater drum on reasonably fresh Parmesan and later tried the shredder drum on Jarlsberg. Neither drum worked satisfactorily. That may be because it is made in China where hard western-style cheese is nearly unknown. Yeah I know it says MIU France but the box clearly says "Made in China". I finally got so mad I threw it out in frustration 
I've purchased several different rotary graters and this one had the same result as many of it's other plastic siblings. It too broke within 2 days of use. These plastic graters just aren't built with much strength and should not be used with harder cheeses, or by someone who has a strong grip. The common defect I'm finding in plastic graters is how the rotating arm is attached to the drum. The tiny amount of plastic there isn't desined to withstand shearing forces which is what rotates the drum. When I find a good rotary cheese grater, I'll write a review on it 
This timer screams quality! Lovely, easy-to-use, and a great shriek to it. (you'll def hear it while in another part of the house!) One of its best features is that you can set the time just by tapping the particular numbers of the time needed. The best timer I've ever used or seen. I got two! :) 
It lives up to the Kitchen Aid name. It chops, it slices and purees.. you name it. I've made everything in there from dough to sauces and it has been amazing. 
Ok, cmon now. It's a ladle and works well. I own the extire oxo steel line and am pleased with all the products under this line. They all perform their function well and with style. And they are also very comfortable to use thanks to the famous oxo nonslip rubber handle/fins 
More money then its worth. Makes alot of noise, small, no oscillation 
I just recently purchased this little knife set at a local department store and paid $10.00 for the set. I love these things! At Amazon's price of $3.99 I added a second set to another order and I am eagerly awaiting their arrival. I would recommend these knives to anyone. They are such a good deal, in my opinion 
Solidly built with easy to read numbers. Looks like it will last a long time although it was a little pricey. 
The timer worked great at first, but in less than a month, the alarm for the timer has stopped working and the magnet has fallen off. I am only keeping the timer because the clock and the stopwatch are still useful 
The first Dolce item I purchased was the wine tower and I have been very happy with that piece. However, the coffee table and end tables all arrived with cracks. The coffee table was not glued together properly and was misaligned. Not pleased at all and way too costly to ship back 
This is truely a professional grater. Does a great job with hard cheeses and chocolate, etc.. Looks and feels great in the hand, and is impressive to have on the table for your dinner guests to grate their own Parmesan 
I think this cover is just perfect for the price and easy zipper closure! The other reviewers must not have read the description closely because it does say COVER! A featherbed is a featherbed, this says featherbed cover! Easy to take off, easy to wash, and easy to put back on 
This is a light weight box fan that is very easy to move from place to place. The remote feature is very convenient and it really helps keep the apartment cool 
The knife is solid and very comfortable in hand, however, when I got it new, the blade is slightly bent. I expect it to be in almost Perfect condition, but it's not 
I first would like to say that if you are the occasional esspresso drinker, then this machine is to costly to use every once in a while go with a cheaper brand. Now for the rest of you that are die hard esspresso drinkers this is the machine for you. I moved from AK to NY a few months ago, while I lived in AK (ALASKA) there were coffe shops on every corner, to say the least I was addicted to mochas, and moving to NY they are few and far between. I was going into withdrawl. After doing some research I found this great machine. I wanted to use it for a while before writing a review about it. I love this machine. This machine is fast and the esspresso is great. I am a fan of regular esspresso as well and it comes out at a consistanly high quality, the Crema is perfect, however I found if you are using the single shot it doesn't come out that great so always use the double shot. The machine heats up quickly and everything is provided for you, two cups, two saucers, a pitcher and a frothing attachment. I can see that this machine will pay for itself withing no time. I have owned cheaper models in the past and you can really tell the difference in the quality of the esspresso. I have not used the pod attachment so I can't comment on that. If you buy the machine in my opinion you wont be disappointed 
My mother-in-law got me one of these when I started feeding my first son baby food. Before, I would just mash up our food with a fork. This is much easier. I've had it for three years now and it's still working great. I use it for everything, now. My husband doesn't like veggies, and I when I cook I usually put onion, celery, and bell pepper in everything. Now we get the taste of my beloved vegtables, and he doesn't have to deal with the chunks. Great product! 
I am very disappointed. These flowers are worse than what you see at a grocery store. I ended up paying more from another vendor and getting flowers that she liked. I buy roses alot, and I know what a fair cost is for good quality. If you're paying less than $30, beware 
this is clearly a case of "you get what you pay for". for easy jobs this mixer works fine, but give it a thick batch of brownie mix or cookie dough and the motor will just di 
Received this toaster as a Christmas present in 2004. From day one I was not very happy with it. The knobs and temperature control are difficult to use - sometimes it would bake good, other times it would not. About 6 months ago I noticed the numbers were rubbed off of the timer dial. About 3 months ago the timer dial became loose and it was difficult to set the time. Today the timer dial broke off completely. So I got about a year and a half of poor use out of it. So, don't purchase this product, it is not worth it. 
The other review is so obviously someone from SENTRY that I thought I'd add my two cents. My house hasn't burned down so I don't know if this works, but I've read other articles that say it does. It is heavy (since the foam contains water to evaporate and dissipate heat in a fire), and there is no rubber grips on the bottom, so it can slide around a lot. It's a lot cheaper and more convient than renting a safety deposit box. 
I have had the Cuisinart DCC-2000 Coffeemaker for about six months or so and loved it. This morning, however, it decided to stop working correctly. I left the kitchen while it was brewing and all of the coffee leaked all over the counter. What a mess! I then made just 2 cups and put a coffee cup under the spout and watched it. Sure enough as the coffee was brewing the spout was spewing. I don't know what coffeemaker to buy now 
Bought this set at a reasonable price of $19.99 and have liked them so much that I will be buying some more! Great set for the price, can't go wrong with them 
I needed a set of knives like yesterday I had a [...] set of Chicago Cutlery knives they lasted 2 years the blades chipped and resharpen them were impossible because of the chipping, the handles faded and they had rust spots and I am not hard on knives I even hand washed them most of the time. So I bought these knives because they were Henckles and the never needed sharpening. I have had them 3 months they are perfect for me. they are made in China. 3 of the knives got rust spots after 2 washing I called the company and they ask me to return the defectived knives and they replaced them in a very timely manner. So for 49.99 I have knives that Look great Work great and if there is any problem the company will replace them. So You can't go wrong 
The attachments that are available for KitchenAid mixers are worth their weight in gold. This is the most recent attachment I've purchased for my mixer. I can't tell you how much time was saved when making apple butter and apple relish for the holiday season. This time of year, saving time is a good thing when there doesn't seem to be enough time for everything on your LISTS!!! Happy Holidays 
I hate taking out the vacuum and trying to find a plug for it. This means I wait until I absolutely have to use the vacuum and the house is a mess. This thing is so light and convenient that I pull it out whenever there is a mess and I don't hate doing it. I have had it for about 3 months now and the battery is great. In fact I keep forgetting to plug it back in and it still is always ready for me. It works great on my wood floor and area rugs. 
This is undeniably the best balanced, best constructed, easiest to use knife on the market. I dont use any of my other knives after I bought this... amazing. If you are going to buy only one knife - get this one 
I've had this cookware since 1991. It has performed exactly as promised. Regardless of all the use (this is the hardest working piece in the set) It's in great shape. I use it for so many things, sauteing vegetables, a large omelette (to share). A 10" skillet is a must have and more than one is even better. Please never use aerosol cooking sprays. A "pumped" spray is recommended or just pour a little oil or a pat of butter for more flavor. Great even heat and total release, even when cheese is used. Fast easy hand wash 
The first thing I noticed about this is just how good it looks. It really is a showpiece in my kitchen. The smooth, rounded shape and the shiny chrome finish really make it look fabulous and I leave it out on the counter all the time. Apart from that, it seems pretty much a normal toaster. The extra-lift feature makes getting small bagels out very easy, and the electronic buttons are handy too. I like the way it can take four big pieces of bread or bagels without taking up too much room in the kitchen. 5 stars 
Very smooth operation. My complaint is that I have already spotted a bit of rust, but careful washing and drying should alleviate the problem 
In theory, this is a good machine. It did, in fact, work as advertised for a brief time - then it started to smell. All of the urine, drinks, vomit, whatever nasty stuff you just vaccumed up from your carpet, starts to pool under the holding tank. As it festers there, the exhaust fan takes that wonderful aroma and blows it all over your house. This, to an extent, is simply a nuisance - bad smell and extra clean-up of the machine itself - until it starts leaking all of that crap back into your carpet, making more mess than you started with. The first time this happened, Bissell customer service sent a replacement unit. We started having the same problems with it shortly after we received it. Bissell only wants to send us another (no doubt defective) unit - so unless you want to be stuck with a stinky, urine-leaking, mess-maker, don't buy this product ! 
I never really noticed the inner groove as a "problem" until I read the other reviews. This was part of my first All-Clad set--so nice! Yes, things stick in the groove, but I just use a silicone spatula while cooking and I don't seem to have a problem. I love the capacity and size/shape of this unit. Scrambled eggs come out beautifully in this pot, as does chocolate ganache and buttercream frosting. But sometimes my pumpkin pie filling gets bits of cooked egg if I'm not diligent about stirring out the groove. The width/depth ratio allows me to really get my whisk or spatula inside to work. Sometimes the dishwasher (horrors, I know!) doesn't get the groove completely clean. I hand-wash it most times anyway, so that doesn't really matter too much to me. I like the length of the handle, but I wish it were slightly thicker to make it easier to grab when using a pot-holder 
I received this knife as a Christmas present and so far, I am pleased. What struck me first about this knife is how wonderfully sharp it is. I also own a Wusthoff Santoku (which I love, too) and this knife was just as sharp right out of the box as the Wusthoff was. It is rather comfortable in the hand and the shape of the blade allows for very smooth rocking and chopping action, which is wonderful when you are chopping vegetables. It is also wonderful for carving meats, with its long sharp blade. The blade is a little on the thin side for my tastes, however, but is certainly functional. The grip is also slightly larger than I would like, making it a bit more cumbersome to hold than my Wusthoff. But these matters are not that important considering the price of this knife. If price were not an issue and I had to choose between a Wusthoff and a Forschner Fibrox, then I would probably choose a Wusthoff. But being that a Wusthoff of this size would be at least $50 more, then price does come to play. If money is no object, then choose the wonderful German steel of a Wusthoff or look into the Japanese steel of a Shun. But if you are like most of us and have to consider price, then I do believe you will be happy with a Forschner Fibrox Chef's Knife. 
My wife and I have long been fans of Fiestaware and we have been using many of their pieces for years. Somehow it wasn't until about 2 years ago that we discovered this size. At 9" the lunch plate is perfect for many occasions - especially lunch! (smile) The quality of these plates is very good and this size is very uselul. For some reason these are seldom seen as part of a standard set. We use ours all the time... Highly Recommended! 
This pan suited my needs exactly. It's handle is comfortable to hold and it has nice even heat distribution. The handle and the curve of the outside edge make flipping food quite easy 
The colour is pretty but the sheets shrink quite a lot after washing (in cold water). I bought a queen set for a full bed and they still don't fit properly after careful washing . I would recommend buying a KING set for a full bed. This was my first experience with cotton jersey sheets so I didn't know what to expect but I wouldn't buy them again 
I bought this cookie press to make my favorite Christmas cookies-Spritz. I got the dough into the gun, squeezed the handle, kept squeezing the handle, and nothing. The mechanism that was supposed to push the dough out thru the disk kept slipping, and hence, no cookies. It was very frustrating, having everything ready to make the cookies, but with no way to properly form them. I would not recommend this cookie press 
It is really the worst coffee maker I had. It is too slow, the automatic stopper always breakes and the coffee pot is useless, because you can not pour in a cup without making a mes 
I received the gelato maker in the mail and was eady to try it out. Got all the ingredients together and in the bowl and loaded it into the machine. I turned on the machine as per the directions and it beeped and flashed at my just like it is supposed to do when it has been on too long and the machine is freezing up. I was not very happy with this predicament at all 
I love this pan. As for cooking: This pan does a great job on steaks, burgers, chicken, whatever. Leaves really nice grill marks. The only thing you will need to do is have a cover or splatter shield for it. I use a 16" round cover from a much bigger pan just to avoid some of the little drops of grease spattering out on my range. This seems to work just find for me. As for Cleaning: I let it cool a little after cooking and pour some water (no soap!) into the bottom of the pan while it is just hot enough for the water to boil a little, and using a wooden spatula (only use wood in this pan), I scrape all the fond away (burnt tasty bits stuck to the pan) and pour into the sink. I repeat this once or twice and put the pan back on the heat and wipe it down with a paper towel. I then use some supermarket brand canola oil spray and lightly coat the inside while the pan is still warm. Takes about 2 minutes to do this. I store this pan in my oven since it tends to have a light coat of oil on it all the time. This pan is so well worth the hand cleaning to have especially since I live in an apartment and don't have access to a grill 
I thought this was the answer to my crock-pot prayers! I received it for Christmas and was heart broken to realize that you can choose high for 4 or 6 hours or low for 8 or 10 hours. (Look at the product image enlarged) Most things I cook take 6 hours on low! I occasionally have something that needs 8 hours but most of the time it is 6 to 7 hours. Unfortunately, if it doesn't do the time you need, it is completely useless. You would have to be home to turn it off or down. So I returned it and am making do with my Select Brands corningware programmable, (it doesn't do 6 hours on low either) and a regular 3 quart. I just make it home in time or I don't cook it 
Not much to say about this item it sucks. very thin and cheap made. Does not seal at all and does not keep the bread freah This is the worst product i have every got from Amazon. 
It was the perfect price and the cheapest that i found anywhere and i would recomend it to anyone 
I like the cookware. Solid as Calphalon always is, If you follow the link on the Bonus item, it shows a 1-2 day availability. Today is Dec 26, ordered on Nov 9. Still waiting for the bonus. 
I was dissapointed that this item arrived broken and I needed to send it back for a refund 
This citrus juicer has a very good external design. The problem is that 30W is not enough power for doing the job well: normal orange presure stops de motor! The transmission of the power is done by cheap plasic parts, so they broke easily. These parts broke after a dozen of uses in my case, so I do not recommend this machine. 
I decided to give this product a shot. Some reviewers said the bags would work properly if you don't overstuff them -- still not true! A Large bag re-inflated when I put 2 standard pillows in it. So I took out 1 pillow and tried again, and the bag was nowhere near being full. It seemed to work all right, but the next morning the pillow had re-inflated! And if you buy the bags with the zippers, the zippers come off easily, they make sealing more difficult, and one even tore a hole in the bag. I purchased straight from AsSeenOnTV.com, but their return policy looks a little weird. I'm not sure if I'll get a refund. Also be careful if you order straight from AsSeenOnTV.com -- I upgraded to express shipping and got my package 12 days later! I guess the product was just too good to be true. 
This is my second DLC-10. The only reason for replacement is because the bowl cracked and it became cost effective to just make a machine rerplacement. I have all the disks and such and like the machine very much as I have had it for 20 years 
I bought this to simplify making fries, it was a disappointment. It takes a lot of effort to push through a potato, and when it does go through it most likely won't go straight. Either save your money and use a knife, or spend more and get a mandoline 
I purchased this blanket because I loved the color. That is the only thing it has going for it. There were feathers all over the place and I keep finding random ones in rooms on different floors! It is now stored in an airtight bag because I can't toss it- I paid good money for it 
This is great for making poached eggs on toast. My family has enjoyed using it so far 
I have four of these mugs. Pros: - Keeps coffee hot for a very long time when sealed. - Doesn't leak. - Durable. - Carabiner makes it easy to clip onto backpack. Cons: - A little inconvenient to clean. - Nissan unresponsive about replacement parts. Tips: Make sure the lid is screwed down snugly, but not too tightly. You want to form a complete seal to prevent leaks and retain heat, but the seal gets tighter as the contents cool and shrink. Don't fill past the raised metal fill-line on the inside of the mug. If you overfill the mug, some liquid will be pushed up into the threads when you screw the lid down, and you won't notice until you tip the mug. (It's easier to see the line if you fill it beneath an overhead light.) If you think your mug leaks, you've probably overfilled it. If you fill it just right, you don't even have to stir your coffee. Just add your sugar, cream, ketchup, or whatever you put in there, seal the lid, and shake the mug to mix it. (I've never been able to do this with any other mug). When you wash the mug, remember to remove and wash the silicone rubber o-ring. The lid is hollow and can be pried apart with a spoon for cleaning if some liquid seeps inside. If you wash the mug in the dishwasher (Nissan recommends against this), remove the plastic base before (or after) washing to remove the water that collects in there. If you lose the gasket (or cut it on a knife in the dishwasher like I did), I've found these to be suitable inexpensive replacements after a lot of hunting around: 228 Silicone Rubber O-Ring 70A Durometer, Burnt Orange, 2-1/4" ID x 2-1/2" OD x 1/8" W, by Small Parts Inc 
A friend bought a food saver by Tilia and told me that it would be wonderful for storing my bulk shopping in the freezer. I saved for it and got it. I used it a total of 10 times and not for long periods of time and it literally died. I sent it back to the factory asking for a refund and they refused and sent me a refurbished one in return - they will not refund your money on the poor quality items they sell. Just be careful and do not let this happen to you - Tilia looks much better on TV than it performs in real life. 
I've used these for months to protect tile countertops and they basically work except they start bending after a while on the edges and something light (like an empty glass)tends to fall over. They are heavy duty and I put hot items on them with no problems 
Product not even worth a penny. Impossible to use after the first wash..Wont recommend to anyon 
We have nothing but Henckels in our kitchen, as we love to cook, and everyone who cooks knows the value of good knives. I bought these without a second thought as I am used to Henckels quality. What a surprise we got! Made somewhere in Asia at bargain basement prices, I'm sure... While these probably do cut steak as well as any cheap serrated knife would, if you are buying them because they are Henckels and you expect a certain quality - don't. We returned these promptly 
I have to say that I have tried almost all of the self-cleaning litter boxes out there for my Large Male 14year old cat. He has the electric water fountain for kitties and yes he does drink lot and lots of water, so you know what that means, yes, he pees a lot. Oh yea he is a larger (not fat) kitty so he eats a lot also, I aint sayin no more on that subject. It has now been 25 AMAZING!!!!!! SCOOP/POOP/PEE CLUMP/URIN ODOR/POOP SMELL/LOTS LOTS LOTS OF ANOYING TRACKED SANDY LITTER .......................FREE DAYS!!!!! This is not saying that this litter box does not have any room for improvement, but I am one happier kitty owner. I will tell anyone that hates Doody Pee Clump Duty, or that hates the tracked litter mess and nasty clumped up (metal or plastic) rake plastic that never fits right storage container, get this litter box. The main gripe I have with this litter box is the cost of the replacement crystal litter cartridges, but I have been told by numerous pet store owners and workers that there will probably be a generic competitor on the market soon which will hopefully bring the price of the litter cartridges down. One can only hope! But regardless, I am keeping this auto waste center for my cay. The other gripe, but not major problem I have seen so far, is with the cardboard for the cartridge that the litter sits in. Now my cat, with a regular clumping litter box had clumps the size of softballs. After 25 days, there is, on the bottom of the inside tray, (not the bottom one that actually touches the floor and acts as the cover when you throw the thing out) a wet spot in the area that my cat likes to urinate at, apparently this is his favorite spot to pee. On the bottom cardboard tray (the one that touches the floor and acts as the cover when you throw the cartridge out) there is just the hint of a wet spot. I think that if they increase the wax content in the cardboard or if that is what is actually coating the cardboard this will help. I have not had to realign the rake as other people have said they had to do. I do not smell any urine or poop and there is a lot of shrunken poop under that cardboard tray cover. I have minimal tracked crystal litter on the floor around and/or under the litter box. The motor is not as quiet as I would like, but then again it doesn't bother me or wake anyone in my house up either, it is kept on a wooden floor right out side the bedroom door in a hallway. If you are in the market for an almost maintenance free litter box for your cat, try this one. Like I said earlier, it's not 100% perfect, but it is the best damn self cleaning, almost maintenance free litter box on the market. Not every kitty or human for that matter poops and pees that same, so if you don't try it you will never know if it's right for you and your kitty/kitties. Read all the rest of the reviews for this and other products and see what everyone is saying about all of them, make an educated decision Good Luck 
When I received this item it was packaged with the wrong power cord, which didn't fit the unit. So I wasn't even able to use this unit. 
I used this thermometer fewer than 10 times before it stopped working. For the most part, it no longer registers any temperature, and when it does it reads 75-100 degrees too cool. While it was working, I definitely preferred it to my analog candy thermometer because it was less bulky, but I certainly can't recommend it now. The clip still works, though, and coupled with my wonderful Polder probe thermometer, I've got the best candy thermometer ever 
The handle is big, bulky and heavier than need be. It's like picking up a hammer 
They do what they hold themselves out to do. And considering how hard its been finding these items, who can complain 
This gadget is better than nothing as a sink strainer ( unlike the miserable Sinktastic, which I find hopelessly misdesigned) but it's still far inferior to any good stainless steel mesh strainer. (Do a web search for "sink mesh strainer".) This one slides around on top of the sink drain, letting gunk slide in around it. Yet it's impossible to pick up without using your (ewww) fingernails. And those fingernails will be picking up a rusting metal edge, if yours grows old at all like mine did. Well, "grows old" is overly charitable to this cheaply finished thing. I think I used mine for maybe the equivalent of 30 full kitchen hours before the paint along the edges began to chip and the underlying metal began to severely corrode. One way this might be made reasonably useful is if you sealed it in place with a waterproof nontoxic silicone caulk so it didn't move around. Then you could scrub it right there in the sink and never deal with prying it out for cleaning etc. Yechhh... 
I got a Sunbeam Hot Shot about 6 years ago. It had been recommended by someone at work. I used it at work every day (and still do) -- and have since bought another for home. It makes 2 cups of hot water -- and is great for everything including tea, instant oatmeal and hot chocolate. When my daughter was younger, it was great for her because she could make her own hot chocolate or instant macaroni and cheese, and I wouldn't have to worry about her being burned on the hot stove. With the hot shot, you just pour your water in the top and hit the "heat" button. The machine will then shut itself off when the water is hot and you can dispense the water. This is a great product and I highly recommend it for anyone who wants fast, convenient, and safe heating for hot water 
What a shame that this appliance fails at its sole purpose in life. Let's hope there's a support group for mediocre toasters 
I like this a lot. It is very compact and easy to use. I like the built in ice strainer. You just slip off the cap and pour. No hassles of the top jamming and having to beat it open with a knife. You will need a finer strainer if you want to filter out citrus pulp, for example. But for most cocktails you are just straining out the ice. But I like this one for it's convenience 
After me first coffeemaker began leaking- and it was a realtively new proctor-silex 12 cup maker- I decided to try one of these "cute" single serve ones. Why, oh why did I purchase this brand?? First, it does take around 3-4 minutes to brew a single cup of coffee or tea. This seems like a longer time than most. And now, after 2 or 3 frustrating weeks, it's leaking just like the old one did. Not user error, as the water comes from underneath the coffeemaker. Also, the coffee is not coming out as hot either, which causes me to wonder if it's the heating element... Even though this one can use loose grounds or pods, it is not worth the frustration! Try a different brand. My sister-in-law has really enjoyed her Sensao! 
Cup leaks out of the top closure part. I need one that does not leak at all, most of the time my hands are full and it's a balancing act. Very disappointed for this amount of money it is not worth the aggravation 
I'm sure that this is a wonderful can opener if you can figure out how to use it. I recieved mine as a gift, and neither the giver, myself, or my husband can figure out how to use the thing. I was told that the instructions could be copied from the internet, but who can find them 
This casserole dish has some minor inconveniences. It's made of some sort of pottery so it cools down very slowly and it's easy to let something sit for 15 minutes and come back and burn your hand. I also learned through this dish that square casserole dishes are easier to cut brownies out of than round or oval ones. It does however cook things just fine and is not too large for what I need it for 
Makes the best long grain brown rice that I've ever tasted. Only wish that Zojirushi made a 5 cup version of the Induction rice cooker 
My spouse operates this vacuum daily until the rechargeable nickel-cadium battery is dead to avoid any memory issues. Like the Black Decker 15.6V CHV1560 cordless hand vacuum, the battery life is 4 months tops. Perhaps Black Decker should replace the nickel-cadium battery with a rechargeable lithium-ion battery on all of their cordless hand vacuums 
From the review of this CA King and the review of the King, these comforter's sizes are off only in design. I have a CA King and the CA King actually fits my bed great overall. But the problem is in the main part of the bordered pattern ends too high at the foot of the bed and the beginning of the ruffle part is also now too high up on the foot of the bed, even though the whole thing still fits overall. If I pull the comforter down so that the ruffle part starts at the foot of my bed, it hangs a little low and I have about 10 inches at the head of my bed uncovered. The comforter is absolutely gorgeous and seems to be quality made. I will fill that 10" space with lots of pillows because $60 is an absolute steal! 
I had seen my Japanese coworkers carry this thing to work. It's a great lunch bag! Beats brown bagging, because hot foods stay hot, and cold foods stay cold. I finally bought one because of the ease of use, didn't want to keep paying $$$ for hot lunches, and I can always bring my favorite foods. The bottom container is the only leakproof container. (That is my only gripe.) I usually put soup in here. The other containers will hold things without sauces very well. It's great because it allows for a large variety of foods (better nutrition). I have used bento lunch boxes since I was kid, and this is the best for adults. I like asian food, and this type of lunch box accomodates the best. If you want to fill hot food, then pour in hot water in the containers for 10 minutes, let it get warm. Pour out the water, dry. Then fill. If you want ice cold food, put in freezer for 10 minutes, then put food in. They also make bigger versions for larger appetites and another smaller one for small appetites. They really do stay hot. Once I had to take a very late lunch, I packed it at 7am, and at 2:30pm the food was still hot. No more waiting in line to microwave your lunch !!! 
I've had lots of coffemakers over the years, and always had a problem pouring the coffee into a cup. It ran over the side and made a mess, unless you poured it very slowly. I saw this model a few years ago and decided to try it. It is great. I will never own anything else. I have been looking for one to replace my old one, only because the heating element is dirty/rusty looking (my wife doesn't like it). In fact I'm going to buy one right now on Amazon, as I've looked at a few stores and the new Black and Decker models I have seen,don't have the dripless pouring spout 
Sorry to disagree with other reviewers, but my experience of the paring knife was that it's perhaps the softest metal I've ever seen used in a knife, and as a result, it's not very sharp and doesn't improve if you try sharpening it. My friend, a fellow cook who got it as a gift, doesn't like it; I hated it and would never choose to use it. There's a reason the price is so low 
Nice, shiny, new, heavy, quality product. Two uses later... Warped and buckled tray bottom, shiny, heavy, poor-quality product. I am a keen cook and I don't expect to spend this much on an so-called "quality" item only for it to warp and buckle after two uses under normal conditions. 1 star 
It's just the right size for sauteing veggies and meat for one. Cooks evenly and requires little cleanup. The preseasoning takes the guesswork out of initially readying castiron cookware for use. Lodge Pro-Logic properly packaged and sent my merchandise in record time. I would definitly buy from them again and recommend them to my friends 
We have had the coffee maker about 2 months. It makes good coffee but if you pour water too quickly into the left side of the reservoir you get air bubbles in the water level indicator. Told to pour on the right side... The heating plate covering has come off on about 1/2 of the surface. What gives with that??? Time to take it back and get another machine 
I am very disappointed with this product. I was carving my Thanksgiving turkey yesterday when the knife stopped working after it got hooked on bone in the wing. The motor continued to work, but the blades stopped moving. The knife has only been used 3 times, but I had to throw it out today. I opened the plastic case, and found a metal worm gear coming off the motor shaft,and a cheap nylon gear attached to it to move the blades back and forth. The nylon gear was stripped and the knife was useless. My prior knife, much less expensive, lasted for 18 years. The Cuisinart knife is not well made and only works well when it is not under any stress. 
The AeroBed Premier Raised Queen sized bed is a Godsend. Due to a disability, I needed a raised bed that would allow me the convenience of a somewhat normal height bed, so my husband I could camp with other family members at a recent family reunion. The AeroBed Premier Raised not only afforded me that ability, but also provided a surprisingly comfortable night's sleep as well. The bed is made of the highest quality material, and did not lose any air. I needed a dependable product, as I would not have tried this with a cheap airbed. I got all that I wanted in purchasing the AeroBed Premier Raised Queen sized bed, plus I now have a comfortable extra bed for overnight guests. 
At first I was turned off by the bright (gaudy) colors. However, I have learned to appreciate that these knives are color-coded! They stand out in the knife drawer, and you can always find the one you are looking for. Consequently, the right knife is used to get the job done. The knives are indestructable and durable. We have owned ours 4-5 years and they show no unusual wear. Put them into the dishwasher! We don't do that with another knife (regretted it when we have), but these can take it. The knives are well-designed for function, comfortable to handle, strong, sharp. We love them and gave sets to our adult kids who always are commenting on how useful they are. Friends that visit and use ours comment favorably on them. These aren't showy knives for formal dining nor will they impress anyone with your classy style. However, they do impress everyone who uses them. And, the price is nice 
Be aware, if you are looking for bonechina stay away from this piece. It is made in China and very low qualit 
These dishes are beautiful and very nice quality, I will be buying more 
I have been making ice cream in a Cuisinart machine for years but I wanted to regain my freezer space from the 2 canisters I had to keep ready.. I also wanted to make good gelato since I can't go to Italy all the time. I had first bought the Lussino 4080 by Musso. It was terrible. Too soft right out of the machine and full of ice crystals when put in the freezer for any amount of time. It didn't get firm, it became a rock. I returned it and got the Lello Gelato Pro instead. It is quieter, has a washable bowl, costs about half the money, weighs much less and makes 2 quarts rather than 11/2 quarts. There is no contest. The Lello is the superior machine 
I got this rice cooker about 8 months ago, and I have probably used it once a week since then. It most certainly makes better rice than I could before (cooking in a pot on the stove), but the results are often inconsistent. Sometimes the rice seems to get dried out and burns at the bottom. I think I need to up the liquid to rice ratio. It just occured to me after reading some other reviews that I may have been drastically overestimating the amount of rice to water because you are supposed to use that little cup that came with the cooker as "1 cup", not 1 real cup. :/ I use the steamer basket to steam shrimp all the time though, and it works fabulously 
I bought the Capresso 114 last December (the difference being, the model 112 has chrome trim and a very questionable milk reservoir). This machine is unbelievably finicky; you must use an extremely coarse grind (according to the manual), and almost zero tamping pressure (again, according to the manual), otherwise you get unbelievably slow coffee flow (several minutes for a shot of espresso). Even when you get everything according to instructions (which includes, according to Capresso tech support, disassembling the machine every few days), it takes at least 5 minutes to pour a shot of espresso, which comes out weak, bitter, and with no crema. After two months of discussing this with Capresso tech support and getting nowhere, I returned the machine to Amazon. After that I bought a Krups XP 4000 -- bliss! The machine makes great espresso in about 25 seconds, even with a fine grind and firm tamp. 
I wish it was possible to give less than 1 star! Went through dishwasher once, came out rust! Save your money....or your packaging! I thought Chicago cutlery; how can I go wrong? so out the packaging went! I called Chicago Cutlery. Turns out some of their stuff is now made in China. Wouldn't that make it China Cutlery? 
Zyliss makes different Shaker with different color. If you didn't catch this review, it is just because this color is n/a. They all leak. After 3 months of daily use, I feel bad that I have another thing to full up the landfill 
Having read the other reviews of this product on this site, I decided to go ahead and give these collars a shot despite some of the problems other reviewers had encountered. I ordered three of these products from this site, and when they arrived, not a single one of them worked - at all. They were completely useless and despite trying everything other reviewers and the manufacturer suggested, these products are completely useless. Although I have contacted the manufacturer of this product about the defects, I would still like the buyer to be aware that if purchasing this product from this website, that if the product does not work, it can not be returned for a refund or even exchanged. Thus, your credit card will still be billed, your dogs will still be barking, and you may get stuck with products that are worthless. 
These towels are great! I was surprised how large they are, but it's been a while since I bought towels, maybe all new towels are really big. These towels are so absorbent, it's hard to tell when they've been used because the water just seems to disappear. And soft, soft, soft...brand new out of the box they feel great. Again, they're big, so a litle heavy, but they are wonderful. These are an amazing bargain and feel very luxurious. I don't know what towels those other reviewers said resulted in fuzzies, they must have been referring to another product, these towels are awesome, no fuzzies, they are very well made 
Even if you aren't worried about the possible negative effects of drinking out of plastic or nalgene this is the best water bottle ever. If you want a water bottle that keeps your water cold all day long, doesn't sweat, is unbreakable, doesn't spill and won't let water dribble down you chin put your nalgene and plastic ones away and buy this one now. 
If you like your Friday cocktail, and enjoy having people over to enjoy it with you, then get an ice bucket and some tongs. I purchased this one when my old one rusted out and like it much better. It's just classy enough, without seeming snooty, and holds a nice amount of ice. Just fill it, stick it on your bar or table, and then you don't have to worry about continually opening up the freezer 
We are replacing all our coated pans. This is a great pa 
I was looking for a springform pan for a particular recipe that called for 3 sides. I was delighted when I saw that you had one so I ordered it. The item was misrepresented as the sides are like any other springform with 2 sides. I am sure it is a good pan , but it didnot meet my expectations 
Reliable, easy to use, rice always comes out perfectly, no burning, easy to clean - what more could you ask of a rice cooker 
I really enjoy cooking with the combo grill/griddle, its saves a lot of time on breakfast, lunches and dinners you get more meals at one tim 
Assembling and disassembling this piece of equipment would discourage a person from ever using this item. It is far too complicated and has too many pieces that have to be washed each time it is used and then put back together again. One can expect to spend about 30 minutes to disassemble and reassemble the unit while following the assembly guide. In addition to that drawback, there isn't anything that should be placed in a dishwasher, so it has to be hand-washed and hand dried. An osterizer would be a much simpler and better choice!!! 
I bought this egg cooker as a gift for my son, but I have used it and really like it. It soft boiled the eggs perfectly and is also very convenient to clean. The timer is also loud enough to hear 
Excellent Panini Press, sturdy construction, easy clean-up, looks nice just go out and buy one. You won't regret it 
We were looking for a toaster to toast thicker breads such as bagels. The toaster does this and more. There is a bagel button you press when toasting bagels and only the outside heating coils come on and toast the center of the bagel! This is how I like them to be toasted. The toaster also has a basket that holds the bread/bagel in place while it is being toasted. This feature is really nice when toasting soft things such as pop-tarts. Good variance of heat controls too. I have not found anything bad on this one. Good choice 
I was really looking forward to receiving this, but four weeks after purchasing online, I received an email from Amazon saying they did not have a supplier for my purchase! I am disappointed in Amazon. How can you sell something you do not have 
I must agree with everything that has been written previously. This fan is sturdy, attractive, quiet and well-built with all the features one would want or need on a table-top fan. And you can't beat the price. 
This is a beautiful blue color, coordinates with my kitchen. However, I'll bake my poundcakes in my old, reliable metal pans. I tried to use this a few times, spraying every nook and cranny with Baker's Secret release spray. Without fail, each time the cake stuck to the pan in a few places. 
While the combined grinding and making of the coffee in one unit is a great idea, the mess that it created was a pain to clean up each day. The grounds would get caked in on all three removal parts and each part needed to be cleaned before using again. I had the product three months and it quit working. The good thing is that when we call Cuisinart's 800 number, they told us to just return the item to the store that we purchased it at and we got our money back. 
When I bought my first LitterMaid box, I thought it was a miracle -- no more scooping! Hooray! It worked so well for my four cats that a few months later, I bought a second one. Unfortunately, the second box quit working after just a couple of weeks (and I'd thrown the receipt away, so I couldn't get my money back). Soon after that, the original box quit working, too. So, within about 6 months, I spent close to $200 on electric boxes that no longer functioned. After researching better and more reliable options, I've settled on the Omega Paw box that you roll to clean. I now have three of them -- no electric parts to break, and, actually, less mess than the LitterMaid 
We've had this toaster for over a year and my family loves it. It toasts consistently. It accommodates all widths. And the digital selector is great 
It is a strong knife; and easy to grip; but, I am upset about the rust spots on the blade, especially because I gave 2 people this knife as a gift! It was very embarrassing! I can't return it since it was a long distance gift. Shame on Oxo! I gave it 2 stars because of the good grip; but, that is all it is....a good grip that looks like you bought it at Good Will 
indeed, there is a glass bottom, the walls are nonstick, there are even two nice handles. The seal between the actual pan and the glass bottom leaks something terrible if you use it in a bain marie. apart from that though, it's fine 
I ordered one of these, after seeing someone use a similar grill pan on a cooking show. When I received the product, it was superior in quality. Very heavy and extremely attractive. I couldn't wait to use it. I just wanted to get those little grill marks on my food, because I don't own an outdoor grill and I don't like the idea of dealing with mosquitos while grilling outside. Not only did I get the marks, but I got the burnt grill flavor on my chicken breast, too. The first night that I used it, I was having a dinner party while cooking. It performed stellar on the first use. I used chicken breast strips and noticed that though they seared with that great sound, they were cooking evenly and slowly. The food didn't burn, but I had to cook it a long time to get the chicken thoroughly done. The taste was perfect and not burnt or dry at all. I was so excited that I cooked whole bonely breast two days later and can't wait to grill the shrimp and vegetables this weekend. Beware though, the thickness of the meat will cause a lengthy grilling time. So, the house will be full of smoke (for the inexperienced cook like me), but the meat will not burn or dry out. I also purchased the heart shape pot which was great for display of the casserole but the grill pan has me walking on cloud nine. Matter of fact, I'm eating grilled chicken for lunch right now and it taste great! 
I bought this coffee maker to match my KitchenAid blender and coffee gridner. The coffee maker is attractive but works terribly. If you make more than 1 or 2 cups it overflows hot coffee onto the counter top. There is almost always grounds in the coffee too. When I called KitchenAid customer service they said they made a revision to fix the problems and sent me another one. It has the same problems. This is NOT user error I have tried different coffees, grinds, and positioning the carafe differently. This coffee maker is just a distrastrous design mistake. Finally I got KitchenAid to buy the coffee maker back and got a Cuisinart one. It works perfectly, costs less, and has more features. I would recommend Cuisinart and highly recommend that you do not buy this shoddy coffee maker - you will regret it. 
Great product, does what it's suppose to do. Brushes are the best. I have three huskies and it handles the dog hair expertly without clogging up. For being such a heavy, beastly unit, I cannot understand why the handle is built for such a petite hand. It should be at least an inch longer so I can actually fit my hand in to it 
We received another set for our wedding, but I am considering taking it back to Macy's where this Calphalon 10 piece set was on sale for $399.00 this weekend. Same set, same pieces!! I can't believe it. These pans feel great are durable but won't weigh you down while you are cooking--The analon advanced brand I got is so heavy!! Yesterday, I paid $99.99 for just the 12 inch Calphalon fry pan and I feel it was worth it given how much I have used the 10 inch so far. These are the only two pieces I have from this calphalon collection so far, but I want more. Oh and although they say not to use this particular nonstick line in the dishwasher, you'd be totally lazy if you had too because cleanup is so easy with these!! It's amazing 
I loved this when I purchased it, then I noticed it did not do a perfect job, then it would take a while to get going, then it smoked and died. Not worth it 
Heads and tails above my 8 year old Hoover wind-tunnel bagged unit. Never did understand the 8 bucks for 3 bags. Hoover should have given the vacuum away due to always having to replace bags every week (adds up to big bucks quickly). The Dyson kicks butt... Three times the dirt is picked up every week when compared to Hoover bag replacement size of dirt removed. Wish the Dyson had self propelled system... The house keeper wouldn't be so tired after 3 hours ;o) Handy hose and a really well thought out system. Hands down the best unit I've ever owned. Time will tell if it holds up like the hoover unit did. Won't miss the belt replacements (2) or the bag cost on the Hoover. Would I buy another? If it holds up like my Hoover did... You bet... Like I stated before: Kicks butt at picking up dog fur-! 
Bought my first Vornado years ago, and is the best fan I've ever seen. Decided to get a second one... purchased this model. First unit had bad vibration, returned it. Second unit less vibration, but very noisy. Also returned. When I compare this unit to my original Vornado, the quality of construction is noticeably much inferior. I don't know if this applies to the rest of the Vornado lineup or not. 
This was the best toaster over I ever owned. But one of the infrared bulbs blew after about 4 months. Does anyone know where to buy a replacement 
These dishes are beautiful and very nice quality, I will be buying more 
I bought this product thinking that it would be better than the cordless spotlifter that I had previously owned. The "powerbrush" just grinds in the spot and water flow required to loosen the stain must be hand pumped a little squirt or more accurately a dribble at a time. The prevoius cordless spotlifter pumped large amounts of water under pressure and made the clean up much easier. Also the suction is lousy compaired to the old cordless version. Once the spot is wet and loosened there is not sufficient suction to pick up the water. I'm sorry I bought this product. It does a very poor job 
This is a great product, and you can get it, along with any other products on Amazon up to $500 Free! Participate in a special promotion and get a free $500 Amazon Gift Card at this web site: ilikethis.info/amazo 
I got this for my wife for her Birthday and she loves it. No more staining other spatula's or spoons 
The second one came today. It is also dead on arrival. Do not bother with this one 
This is a great little machine for college students and people with apartments. Though I wouldn't recomend it for a family (get a bigger version), it was perfect for me and it's quick and easy. A great buy and very much exceeded my expectations. I love it 
This is very misleading. this item is only half of the package. after its delivered you will find that you must also order more parts to make it work. very disappointed in amazon for allowing this 
i absolutely love this product. my neighbor has four little yippers and my shepard/chow mix was antogonized by the yipping on our side of the fence. I hung the device on my side of the fence and the noise keeps the neighbors dog from picking "arguments" with my dog. all barking and fighting has ceased. all the surrounding neighbor as well as me can get a good nights sleep now 
As far as home made ice cream goes, the finnished product turns out pretty good. I would recommend using a mix (Wal Mart and K Mart sell many mixes at only $2) though, for it's much cheaper and tastes better than home made recipies. The only problem is that the ice cream is a little soft when done, otherwise this product is good 
These bags are durable and work everytime. I like the size which seems hard to find locally 
I purchased this unit due to the fact that you could dispense without a coffee pot. In the past I have usually ended up breaking the glass carafe that comes along with traditional coffee makers. At first, I was very pleased with the unit and thought I made a great purchase. Eventually it started to drip and leak at random. The handle in the water/coffee holder broke. The top of the unit that lifts up broke off completely and now just sort of sits there precariously. Finally, this week it decided that it was not going to work at all. It will not make coffee. It will turn on, but not brew. I have only had this for a year and a half or so. Look elsewhere if you are looking for something that is going to last. (it was only used 2-3 times a week 
This is a great product, not only does it boil water fast, it is easy to fill and use, and pours beautifully 
These were sent instead of the black-handled set I ordered so I thought I would give them a try. They are listed as "dishwasher safe", but evidently are not. Brown stains (rust?) appeared on the tops of all the handles. I cleaned them with silver polish, but the stains reappeared with subsequent washings. I have returned them and received a refund 
I picked this up on a special promotion for ~$20, and for that price it is unbeatable. Has held up for years of regular use dishwasher cleaning. Be sure to get some soft spatulas with your first non-stick pan purchase... 
I'm sticking with the lighter colors due to scratching. My persimmon 16 piece setting arrived with two dinner plates scratched. I think next time I'll order them as individual place settings as they weren't packed well. Amazon will give me a 20% discount for keeping them. 
I've heard of others complaining that these probes will end up failing under "normal" use... something goes wrong at some point, and they just don't read right anymore. I love my Taylor digital thermometer, and these probes seem to work with the Taylor, but I went through 3 probes very quickly. I use them in my Weber barbeque when doing indirect heat cooking. In spite of the fact that I took care to not route the cable over a burner, or anything of that sort, each probe lasted only 5 or 6 uses. I had ordered three at one time, and all of them failed in a similar way. THERE ARE OTHER PROBES AVAILABLE that are better! There is one available on the Internet that is sold as a Taylor probe replacement. These probes look the same (with the 90-degree elbow bend and the right-angle mini-plug), but they have a smooth grey silicone-rubber sheathed cable, instead of a metal braid sheath. I bought several of these (reasonably priced, around $12 or so), and so far, they have worked like champs with no failures and accurate readings from freezing to boiling. I would not recommend these probes based on my experience with very high failure rates. 
At first I thought I wouldn't be able to decide what to use this for, but right away I remembered that I just bought a six pack of onion rolls and they always seemed to have to be frozen and were just not the same later or went moldy in the fridge, so I vacuum sealed them in this and they were good to the last one with no flavor change at all. Yummy! ;7 
The Model 40053 is a good effort, but misses the mark compared to the now-discontinued West Bend Model 40032 Triple Timer, sold in the 1980s and 1990s. I don't need a real-time clock, nor a stopwatch in a kitchen timer, because they just complicate the device. * Water resistance; * distinctive alarms for each channel; * superbright blinking LED secondary alarm indicator for loud environments; * blinking LCD indicator for each active timing channel; * shirt pocket size, countertop stability; * single-hand programmability, and * memory recall for easy repeat timing -- that's what I'd like to see in an improved version of the 40032. Perhaps customer pressure can get West Bend to bring something like that to the market 
I liked the look of these pots. I bought several 2 and 3qt pots mainly for boiling water for pasta, potatoes etc. The stainless steel used is very poor quality. After just over a month all of them have rust spots on the bottoms and where the handles meet the pot. After the first use I noticed small discolored spots on the inside bottoms, not your typical discoloration from heat, and they would not polish out with bar keepers friend. These spots are now where I see rust forming after each use. These are definitly no where near the quality of my all-clad and calphalon stainless steel cookware, but then again neither is the price. All said I wouldn't buy them again. Even cheap stainless steel pots and pans shouldn't rust with normal use. Even the free Cuisinart Santoku Knife I received is rusting and I've only used it 3 times. I cannot stress how bad the steel is! As far as cooking goes, they work great. The aluminum core bottoms conduct the heat well. They also have a great look aside from the rusting 
Just used my pan last night and as always with Lodge Logic Pans they were awesome! I highly recommend them. = 
I received two of these baking sheets for Christmas last year; by March, 1/3 of the teflon was gone in spots. By July, it was coming off in sheets when washed. These Never went through the dishwasher; always hand washed. I threw them away and purchased Baker's Secret which seems to be satisfactory so far 
The Professional label on this product is a big misnomer. Ask frequent sewers and quilters what they hated the most about the last iron they replaced and they will almost invariably refer to leaking and the auto-shutoff feature if present. Typically, they press seams as a batch and go back to sewing... only to return to a iron that has shut off and requires a reheating cycle. The auto-shutoff on this model makes it poorly suited for the sewing room where the 'professional' label should apply. This (and other) Rowenta iron produces good steam and can burst steam to a certain extent. However, usually between 6 months and 1.5 yrs, Rowentas begin to drip. The valve design just doesn't hold up to water hardness that long. Failure number two. For garment sewers and quilters, a professional system with a separate water boiler (tank) works far better: * won't shut off on you * since the iron doesn't make the steam (the boiler does), the sole doesn't have the 'hot spot' where household irons drip the water to make steam, which tends to scorch fabrics * true professional models have a thicker sole which will maintain a more even temperature (still without the hot spot) I teach sewing classes (garment, home dec, totes, etc.) and have completely walked away from household iron designs like this one. You will not see this type of iron in a commercial workshop. Noone there would have the time to wait for the iron to get hot again every time you've been away from it. This iron is a better than average housesold model, designed for 'ironing' your laundry and not for pressing in a sewing room. For general ironing duty (like laundry), check out the T-Fal 1759 Ultraglide Diffusion Iron for about half the price. My t-fal irons (i've had 2) have outlasted my Rowenta iron, with just as good a performance and with the advantage of the ultraglide sole, a ceramic-like sole coating that does not scratch, even over metal zippers (the stainless steal sole on the rowenta WILL scratch over metal zipper) Rating this (and similar) Rowenta as a conventional household iron: Performance 5 Durability 3 (before it begins dripping) As a sewing room iron: 2 Overall Rating: 2 (because they label the product as professional, where it fails to the task) P.S.: for any household iron, be sure to empty the water tank after use to prolong the life of your iron. Leaving water in the tank leads to premature wear of valves and seals 
What you see is what you get. It works just fine, there isn't really much that could go wrong. The only thing is I should have gotten the larger size. What they call a cup and what I call a cup didn't really measure up. For me it makes two regular mugs 
I had a Zojirushi NHS-10 and worked fine. I gave it to my sister-in-law...grin. Latter I decided I wanted another cooker and just came upon this. It seemed to cheap. I ordered it from Amazon. This thing is a DEAL. We usually cook between 4-6 cups of rice at a time. It makes perfect rice, if you use the cup at 180cc.. We have 5 kids and been using this 2-4 times a month for last two years. I like it most of all as it has limited options and cooks only rice. 
I spent several hours searching researching rice cookers trying to find one that was designed specifically for brown rice. I finally decided on this one because it specifically mentioned brown rice, and had brown rice measurements which are different than for regular white rice. I am disappointed. First of all, the manual recommends NOT using the keep warm function when using brown rice. This means you have to unplug the machine when the cooking cycle is over. This defeats the purpose of an automatic rice cooker. But even this drawback might be acceptable if it did a good job of cooking brown rice properly. It does not. It is either too wet mushy, or too dry and burnt. We have been unable to cook a proper batch yet, after much experimentation with slightly more or less water, and using 3 different types of brown rice. Look elsewhere, and let me know if you find one that works properly with brown rice 
I bought this because it was well priced, good sized and looked better than many other slow cookers. I assumed it would work as well as my 10 year old slow cooker that I gave away. The first time I used it (as soon as it got up to tempurature) the lid started to rumble and slip around the top. Then came the spitting hot water and steam that went in my toaster down the side of the cooker and on the counter. The lid is the worst! At first I thought maybe I was missing a rubber seal or something on my lid. Now I realize this is the way it was designed! I made a pork roast in it which usually works great but in this slow cooker it seemed to cook quicker with no liquid left because it evaporated through the faulty lid. The only way to correct the spitting water and the rumbly,tumbly,bouncy lid is to put a paper towel under part of the lid but even this eventually fails because the towel gets soaked and then starts to drip on the counter. Not to mention its probably a fire hazard. I don't think my paper towel idea is what Rival had in mind when they designed this! I wish I could return this but I threw away the receipt. 
This mixer is so weak it couldn't mix air. It's horribly under powered. Seriously, it bogs down mixing mashed potatoes, and I'm talking INSTANT mashed potatoes! And mix protein drinks?? Forget about it. It leaves clumps because it doesn't spin fast enough. I'd do better twirling my finger in the glass. Consider using a spoon over using this contraption, and $20 will buy a lot of spoons. Or get a real mixer and leave it somewhere handy - same convience but it will actually work. If you don't believe me and the others here warning you, go ahead and throw your money away on it, and then you'll wind up here adding your own warning to others. Consider yourself warned 
i got this fryer only yesterday i fryed some chicken wings and french fries the fries came out with so much oil and cooked for 10 min for a small batch i have been frying for about 10 years and know how to cook very well and i have to say this is just as bad as frying on the stove. i put the oil to the max fill line and with cooking the two things the oil went down to the min line do not buy. 
Absolute rubbish.Cheap, inferior product, don't waste your money. It doesn't hold in place while you mill anything. This product is guarenteed to make you lose your temper 
Very disappointed in this product. It falls apart everytime you try to slice a piece of bread. The wooden crumb box gouges very easily as well. Just a piece of flimsy plastic. :( I ended up buying a much less expensive bread keepr that came with a slicing guide, about half the price and it works great : 
This was purchased as a wedding present. I do not yet know what the couple thinks of it but it is the one they requested 
I love to bake. I really love to bake bread. My specialty is sourdough. So now I have 3 strikes against me, that is, until I found La Cloche. Although it can be used to cook meats, I personally only use it for bread. La Cloche turns your regular oven into a brick oven, and the quality of your bread will amaze you. It browns beautifully, has a crispy, chewy crust that seems to carmelize the sugars in the crust differently. There is no need to spray water or create steam in the oven, because the steam is created inside La Cloche by the bread itself. So actually bread making is more simple and safe because you are not spraying water into a 500 degree oven. There are 2 shapes, a french bread style and round oven hearth style. I have both and pop them into the oven at the same time, so I am baking 2 loaves of bread at once, which is a little more economical. Truly, I wish I had this from the beginning of my baking attempts. If you are a baker or love one, go ahead and spring for it. You will never regret this kitchen tool. All my other bread pans are now unused 
What I especially appreciate about this mug is that, unlike cheaper stainless steel mugs, this one does not impart a metallic flavor to tea. It really insulates, beverage stays hot for hours while the mug feels cool to the touch. My husband and I each have one. Don't leave home without it 
I agree with other writers. This unit is very poorly designed and built. Cutting my third loaf of bread, the knife point came out of the guide, and on return, snaped one of the guides off. Not washable, end plate falls off while cutting all the time, unit slides over the counter when trying to cut (rubber feet would have cured this). I would look elsewhere before buying this unit 
As a mathematician, game theorist, and proud Chi Omicron Chi (XOX, aka "Xocks") brother, I have always been interested in this the simplest of m,n,k games, i.e. games in which players alternate placing markers on an m x n board with each player trying to place k of his or her markers in a row. As every game theorist knows, perfect tic-tac-toe play by both players results in a tie game every time, with neither player achieving victory. The clever child will figure this out on her own, as I did at an early age, and I lost interest in playing tic-tac-toe before I turned five. I never lost interest, however, in studying tic-tac-toe and similar games, which began my pursuit of mathematics and game theory, and partly accounts for my joining Chi Omicron Chi as a college freshman. As part of our initiation, pledges had to play a modified form of tic-tac-toe with vodka-filled shot glasses for markers. Each player had five glasses, and as he placed his marker, he would empty his glass. The loser would drink the remaining shot glasses. Most of us knew how to play perfect games of tic-tac-toe, so really the point of the game, as with most fraternity games, was to see who could best hold his liquor. I do remember one unfortunate pledge, Bob, who never figured out how to play perfect tic-tac-toe and nearly drank himself into catatonia. All these thoughts came rushing, so to speak, back to me when I saw the "Shot Glasses Tic-Tac-Toe" available for so reasonable a price at about a dollar per component. I have a four-year-old son who has yet to perfect his tic-tac-toe game, so I bought this set to educate him. We play the same way I did in the Xocks fraternity house. Of course I don't give him pure vodka in his shot glasses; he only weighs 35 lbs. As 35 lbs represents approximately a fifth of my own weight, I dilute his vodka in a 1-to-4 dilution with orange juice. I know what you're thinking: what happens when he loses and must finish off the remaining shot glasses, including mine? I am nothing if not fair, so when he loses, I give him an equivalent amount of diluted vodka to however much pure vodka I have remaining in my shot glasses. Since I, knowing how to play perfect tic-tac-toe, never lose to my son, the reverse problem, my having to drink his remaining shots, never occurs. My son loses more often than not, and he usually ends up walking into walls, falling down, and later becoming violently sick. You would think all this negative reinforcement would promote rapid and forceful mastery of tic-tac-toe, but his cognitive development must be lacking. I can only surmise that the time delay between his losing tic-tac-toe games and the negative effects of alcohol poisoning inhibits his forming the negatively reinforcing connections. He still loves to play, however, but his game, if anything, seems to be getting worse, almost as if he is trying to lose 
I put a fairly warm pound cake on the bottom of the cake keeper---apparently too warm. Cracks developed from opposite edges and met in the middle,creating a separation and thereby rendering the keeper useless 
When I first bought this pan I was replacing a pan from a moderately priced set from Costco. That pan lasted about 3 years and I got my money's worth. The positive review from America's Test Kitchen is what pointed me in this direction. The Farberware pan was a joy to use when I first bought it and I loved the even heat. All of the positive comments are accurate at first. The problem is it only lasted 3 months before it lost it's nonstick properties almost completely. I never used spray on oil or subjected it to high heat. I was always very meticilous about the way I cleaned it and never touched the surface with anything but plastic. I even bought a special soft plastic cleaning brush so as to be very delicate with the surface. I have been using nonstick skillets since they first came out many years ago. With the exception of one ultra cheapo model I have NEVER had a nonstick that had its nonstick go bad so quickly. Of course I can send this back to Farberware but it seems clear that if it has lost it's nonstick properties they only have to say it was my fault. Why waste $10 in shipping costs? This is my last Farberware product. After writing this first part of the review I thought it would only be fair to email Farberware to let them respond. After doing some googling I have found that there is no email. It is also basically impossible to get someone on the phone. They sold their warranty service to a different company, All American Lighting in Berwick, PA. As it turns out this company gets terrible feedback for their service. If this isn't really Farberware what exactly is their incentive to provide good service? You can check on consumeraffairs dot com and other places and you'll get an eyeful. BUYER BEWARE 
I was disappointed in this product. The butter slid out of the bell and into the water. I think it would be better if the inside of the bell wasn't glazed 
My friend purchased the Breadman Panini Maker a few months ago. Every time we spoke he was making some kind of Panini sandwich. He raved about this panini maker so I had to get one for myself. I LOVE IT! It is so easy to clean. It is such a wonderful item that I would've paid double the price if I new how well it worked. It's hard for me to believe that anyone could be disappointed with this item. 
For years we have used the Mr. Coffee Iced Tea makers and have purchased two of them. This time around we chose to get the Hamilton Beach 40911 2-qt Iced Tea Maker. Even though I/we haven't used the feature that allows you to place loose tea in the basket for brewing we totally like the Hamilton Beach method of brewing tea over the Mr. Coffee. First of all the taste (using Luzianne Family Tea bags was superior to any tea we ever brewed using the Mr. Coffee makers. Also one very large drawback with the Mr. Coffee maker is that the basket, for the bags, sets inside the reservoir and maker and most every time you brew a pitcher and remove the basket you have leakage of tea down in the makers bottom which over time makes for a very ugly looking reservoir, where you put your clean water to brew your next pitcher. Because Hamilton Beach placed the basket directly inside the Pitcher itself there is never any tea that finds its way into the bottom of the tea maker. Also due to ridges in the bottom of the Mr. Coffee maker it's usually almost impossible to totally clean the pitcher and restore it back to the clean condition at the time you first used it. This feature alone makes the Hamilton Beach a better buy over the Mr. Coffee but I thought, before my purchase, that surely the two would make equivalent tasting tea but using both Lipton and Luzianne Family Tea bags the Hamilton Beach not only brews the tea faster but the taste IS Better. On the Mr. Coffee the strength of the tea is controlled by a sliding knob on the front of the maker whereas with the Hamilton Beach it is three rigid clicks of control on the bottom of the basket (mild, medium, strong), we usually use Medium. We enjoy "Sweet-Tea" being from the South and anyone that makes good sweet tea knows you sweeten it while it's hot at the time of brewing. Our method is to first fill the pitcher to the line and fill the reservoir and refill the pitcher to the same water level and then add 2 1/4 to 2 1/2 cups of sugar and stir with a whisk until very well mixed. Once the tea is brewed you have to stir the tea again but you get perfect sweet tea every-time. If you enjoy tea, even if you never considered an electric tea maker, the Hamilton Beach will be one purchase decision you will not regret. Having two Mr. Coffee makers before this Hamilton Beach I don't see myself ever purchasing another Mr. Coffee unless they make many changes to their product and even then taste is the final decision maker. I HIGHLY recommend the Hamilton Beach model and would gladly buy it again even if it was higher priced than the Mr. Coffee, it's totally worth it 
This cover is very rich looking. The fabric is wonderful. I have a kitten that was pulling himself onto the bed and snagging it, but I just snipped the snags and you cannot tell. It is easy to wash and looks great on the bed 
I purchased a few of these for myself and friends. From the day I got my spoon spatula it was my favorite kitchen tool, especially since I could use it when making sauces or frying onions and veggies. One day when making a non-meat tomato sauce the handle simply broke off leaving the handle in my hand and the spatula in the pot. I wrote to OXO about this twice in the last 2 months with no reply and this is most frustrating to me. Anyway, I am now using a KitchenAid product which feels much more sturdy and KitchenAid responds to e-mails IMMEDIATELY 
I got them free with purchase of Wamsutta sheets. These blankets are of really cheap quality. Thin, mesh-like texture. Threads get loose at the ends. Leaving traces of fabric everywhere. I got rid of it cause I am afraid the loose ends and fabric may be swallowed by babies 
Great thing to own and very useful for cooking small quantity of foods. I use it a lot 
After a couple of years of casual use, my bowl also cracked in the freezer. Fortunately I had it wrapped in a plastic bag so the mess was kept to a minimum. Now I'm in the market for one with a higher quality bowl. 
I recently received this pan as a gift, and have been extremely impressed with it! The "infused anodized" surface performs as advertised, providing a terrific hybrid between regular and non-stick cooking. I love the 14" size -- it's great for those times when I used to have to split things up into more than one 10" saute pan, as well as for one-pan stovetop-to-oven dishes. That said, this is definitely not the right pan for you if you prefer non-stick surfaces. You will need to use oil, butter, etc. when cooking in this pan, and things will sometimes stick. Cleanup is very easy, though! It is very well-constructed, and I would expect it to last a lifetime 
I am very disappointed in this product. I followed all the "mfgs. directions" on how to keep this board in great shape but it didn't matter. the board bowed and cracked after about 2 months (30 days over the Amazon warranty of course....) it's so badly curved we are waiting for it to turn into a sphere. 
I was so thrilled when I unpacked my processor. It is so high quality and professional in both looks and performance. It has so many features that I love, especially the triple bowl which allows you to process more than one substance at a time. The egg beater attachment is excellent also. I am one happy customer and recommend this processor to all 
I just finished washing this pan, which I choose to use at an increasing rate. It washes up with ease, who needs non stick? Looks beautiful, more importantly, I love cooking in it. Perfect size! The only problem is, I won't let the men in the household use it, hmmm 
Sentry Insulated Chest Every household should have some method of protecting things like birth certificates, deeds, wills, stocks, bonds, and other valuables. Pros: - Inexpensive box helps keeps your valuables "safe" from fire, kids, and nosey adults. - Attractive; has nice handle; no sharp edges. - Excellent value for the money. Cons: - Flat key model (SEN1100) has a rather cheap-looking lock mechanism. - It weighs nearly 20 pounds, but that's because the walls are 1" thick and fire-resistant material isn't light. Go to sentrysafe dot com to view all the Sentry offerings. My advice is to buy the Sentry model 2100 rather than this model (SEN1100). The 2100 has a better (tubular key) lock, but only costs a few dollars more. (Staples dot com sells the 2100.) Sentry rates these boxes as follows: 1100 - UL classified - 30 minute fire protection 2100 - ETL verified for 30 minute fire protection of CDs and DVDs up to 1550 degrees F No small fire-box is particularly theft resistant. Even if bolted down, a lid could be forced opened with tools. In addition, although the 2100's fire rating is higher than the 1100, many non-portable safes offer better fire ratings. They are also larger and far more expensive. For better protection, you'd need to spend more money, but a Sentry chest is much better than doing nothing. I use mine to store DVD backups of computer files. The Sentry chest is kept inside a large, fire-resistant safe. Hopefully, this double protection will do the job if there is ever a fire. DVD and other computer media will be destroyed at much lower temperatures than paper. I'm a retired Federal employee and have no connection whatever to any manufacturer of any product 
I am very impressed with the feel and size of this mug. It has a smooth feel, and keeps the coffee/tea hot/warm. I ordered one, but will probably be ordering more! Nice! :o 
I was given Mr. Bento as a gift last summer. I was so excited! I bring a lunch to work every day, and I thought Mr. Bento would be the perfect solution to packing a well-organized, balanced, and easy-to-carry lunch. You can imagine my dismay when the Mr. Bento containers leaked day after day. Anything remotely soft came out from the containers, which do not seal in a tupperware sort of way. Cute? Yes. Impress your co-workers? Yes. But practical? No. 
I own many Circulon products, but most of which are under the Circulon 2 line. So when this 2 pack became available, I went ahead and purchased it. I have only used it to cook eggs on and I must say, I was sorely disappointed by the results. Not only did my eggs stick, but I used quite a bit of oil on the 2nd batch to make sure they wouldn't stick, but they still stuck. My Circulon 2 skillet makes far better eggs than this non-stick version and doesn't stick! I'm not sure what I can use these skillets for now since my main intentions were for fish, eggs and items which have a tendency to stick to the pan. It also left a horrible look on the eggs like the kind on eggs cooked with a Teflon pan without oil even though I used quite a bit of oil. Highly disappointed and will not purchase the Circulon Elite line again 
I have had these for about 4 months (I own every size made), purchased to go with the other Kitchenaid pieces (in red). It is impossible to get these white again after using them to cut cheese, carrots or anything with any natural coloring in it. I have tried cleansers with bleach, sprays with bleach and, in desperation, straight bleach! Scrubbing doesn't work either. I finally got some wood cutting boards and wish I still had my so attractive other ones on the counter. 
This scale has worked perfectly for me for the last year or so. It is very easy to use. It looks great and has a permanent place on our counter. I wish all consumer electronic products were designed and built to the same standards as this scale 
This food chopper is my favorite extra appliance in the kitchen. For salsas, the low speed lets me keep the ingredients chunky. For sauces, the higher speed can easily puree most ingredients. My favorite item to use it for is onions and it saves alot of tears. The large bowl not only holds alot, but is also very easy to clean. I highly recommend this food chopper for frequent or casual dicing cook 
I just baked a loaf of banana bread in my loaf baker and the entire bottom stuck to the pan when I turned it over. I am throwing it out and will never buy another piece of it 
A long time Krups customer, I purchased this blender after 10 years of suffering with a lack luster, non Krups blender, which was given to me as a wedding present. To say this is an outstanding blender would be an understatement. I'm amazed with how quiet the blender is and the best feature is how powerful it is. We use our blender for smoothies in the morning and my husband uses it for his nutrition drinks in the evenings, so we needed something that was durable, substantial and will last a long a time. An excellent blender, it was a good investment for our household 
My wife and I purchased the 40616 Hamilton Beach Perculator at K-Mart. After only 8 months of service the perculator would not keep the coffee hot--only luke warm.K-Mart refused to do anything about the problem because they only warranty the coffee pot for 90 days. This should give you an idea of what K-Mart thinks of the quality of the Hamilton Beach 40616 perculator.When I called Hamilton Beach customer no-service I was told to send in the cord from the coffee pot and a check for $9.95 and they would replace their defective equipment. The $9.95 is 25% of the original price of the perculator so I will decline their offer. If their perculator only last for 8 months I don't even want to pay the $9.95 to get a new one. I feel that it should have been replaced for free! In their warranty booklet they tell you that the 40616 perculator has a limited 2-year warranty but that is only if you are willing to pay $9.95 to ship their defective equipment back to them. Because of this experience with the Hamilton Beach 40616 coffee perculator I will never purchase any Hamilton Beach equipment in the future.I will also not purchase anything else from K-Mart 
Considering all the bells and whistles on the coffeemaker itself,(all excessive, by the way) the carafes have much to be desired. It seems as if they are made with spun sugar. EXTREMELY FRAGILE, awkward handle and like a comment already listed, I too have replaced the carafe twice...making three so far. My Krups carafe of 10 years is still intact. If they still made the filters, I would still be using that machine. The Cuisinart coffee bean container is hard to clean, still maintains rancid oils and leaves an oil slick on the top of the coffee. The carafe is poor at best 
I bought these plates after I already had the rest of the matching dishes. I already knew that I was not pleased with them but had to complete my set of dishes and will have to tolerate them as long as they last. They are really sturdy and go with everything BUT they get the 'knife-marks' - grey scratch marks from utensils scraping them. I imagine that there are white dishes out there somewhere that are not subject to this flaw, and if there are I hope to find them, but these are not them 
Use it keep to store and keep food fresh as wel 
Very sturdy construction and I like the glass lid. The only problem I have is the lid has a VERY thin metal that is easily damaged. The pot is thick and the handles are riveted on and very solid. As long as you are careful with the lid, this steamer is awesome 
Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other quality products. These cooking vessels are cast from molten iron poured in sand moulds which are used only once. For this reason, one pan may look like another, but each is unique in its own way. Cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat. Due to this efficiency, it is recommended that cooking with cast iron is done on low to medium heat. Over heating may cause foods to stick to the pan, or worse burn and can cause the enamel to appear stained. Remove cast iron from the heat and it does not cool off quickly. This helps your food stay warm while serving. The opposite holds true as well, chill the pan and it will retain its chill for a surprisingly long time. Beware; iron tends to be heavy so these cooking vessels tend to be heavier than other pans made from alternate materials. Cast iron is an effective material for cooking so why cover it with enamel? Iron tends to rust; iron oxide (rust) doesn't add any complimentary flavors to your food. If your cast iron cooking vessel was not enameled, you would have to season and maintain its cooking surface. Adding the porcelain enamel not only looks good, but has multiple benefits. The enamel, being a solid coating, is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on, does not stain, absorb odors, retain flavors, and is easy to clean. The enamel can be damaged, so limit contact to heat resistant plastic or wood utensils to eliminate the scratching and scoring the porcelain. The benefits of cooking with Le Creuset cast iron are many, but lets get down to the French oven, Cocotte or as it's also referred to, the Dutch oven specifically. French ovens have been manufactured by Le Creuset for over 75 years, and were developed well before then. In all this time the design has stayed constant, affirming the relevance of its cooking qualities. These ovens come in either oval or round shapes. The oval shape works well for roasting whole chickens and porkloin roasts, otherwise the differences are minimal. This pan holds 6 3/4 quarts of food, measures 9 1/2 x 12 inches or 24 x 30 cm internal diameter, 4 3/4 inch or 11 1/2 cm deep, and weighs 13 pounds. The domed lid provides a tight seal, trapping in moisture to roll back into the dish. The lid may alternatively be used as a holding plate for chopped vegetables or meat during initial preparations. Be sure to lift the pan off of cooking surfaces to reduce damaging either the pan or the surface. French oven tends to do best if at least 3/4 full. Any less and you may overwhelm your food with heat evenly dispersed in the pot. French ovens were developed for slow cooking by stewing, braising or boiling. Some typical dishes include roasts, and stews. Other possibilities include gumbos, chili, dirty rice, baked beans, Swedish meatballs, osso bucco, or curing ice cream to name a few. One feature that people tend to complain about is the cost. The cost does seem steep compared to other pans made from other materials. Heck, cast iron doesn't seem like it should be expensive when comparing to the old cast iron pans past generations have used for cornbread and camping. However the manufacturing process requires making a mould for each and every pan produced. They then go through the enameling process before shipping these heavy pans. If you take what goes into making and distributing these high quality cast iron products, the cost tends to make sense. Then consider that this pan will easily last a lifetime when taken care of. PROS: Efficient absorption and distribution of heat Hygienic enamel cooking surface Does not stain, absorb odors, or retain flavors Cleans easily when not abused or misused Can be transferred from stove top to the oven to the table Easily lasts a lifetime CONS: Its heavy, as cast iron tends to be weighing in at about 13 pound 
When my Braun FlavorSelect coffee maker unexpectedly stopped working, I had to scramble to find a new machine. I wanted another Braun, but unfortunately, they seem to have stopped making a 12 cup coffee maker. So I had to begin an intense search for a machine that had the features I wanted combined with good value. I finally found it with this Cuisinart model. The advantages? For one, it makes excellent and HOT coffee. The carafe is solidly constructed and fits securely in square body so there's no chance of someone accidentally knocking it loose. Because the lid fits tightly, the pour is precisely narrow and smooth, with no side leaks even when the pot is full. The basket fits inside the housing instead of swinging free like so many models which prevents a misalignment between the water and the filter; the conical (Krups/Braun style) basket accepts both paper filters and gold-tone, although I learned the hard way that not all gold filters fit. The timer is very easy to program, as is the clock. The carafe warmer can be set at low, medium, or high for the temperature that's right for you. I found the "high" setting too hot since I drink my coffee black (I like my coffee hot but not scalding!), but those who add a lot of milk might appreciate it. The brewing is quick and efficient, with the process taking about a minute a cup, maybe less. The retro/stainless look complements most modern kitchen dcors. There's a 1-4 cup setting to make sure such small amounts stay hot, and you can select how long the warmer remains on. The pot beeps five times when brewing is complete and just before the warming plate shuts off. Parts are top rack dishwasher safe. It comes with a water filter system designed to improve the taste of the brew. But the Cuisinart does have disadvantages. The water reservoir is located on the right side, in the back, which makes it a little challenging for lefties like me to dump the final bit of water inside even though the carafe pours very accurately. Although I haven't yet missed the opening, I do struggle briefly with those last few drops unless I use my right hand. The housing is fairly tall, so if your counter space is only under the cabinets, you may not be able to lift the top in its entirety. (This is when the small rear reservoir becomes a major issue as you have to have room to completely lift the rather large top toward the back.) Clearance required: 7.5" wide by 8.5" deep of counter space with no overhead obstruction to pull out for filling OR 21.5" of overhead space to fully lift top. Without the top open, the coffee maker measures 7.5"w x 8.5"d x 14.25"h. If you have the space for this coffee maker, you'll love it. I can't attest to how long it will last, but, as it comes with a three year warranty, I'm hoping for a good run 
My husband and I bought this cookware set when we first got married I absolutely love it! It has a nice weight to it the base walls are thick, also the lids fit perfectly. It heats evenly I never have had any problems with food sticking to them. Just make sure you don't use metal utensils with these or they may scratch the coating, and the only thing I don't like about these is that the oustide can get stained if you let a pan boil over or put it on a burner that is not clean (my husband used to put tortillas bologna on our coil burner now I have a stain on the bottom of my frying pan) but I'm sure a little barkeeper's will take it out. All in all they're great I highly recommend the 
Purchased this set and on the first use the non-stick finish, started peeling off. Not worth buying 
I have purchased this item twice. The first barely made it through a grill season and the second proved even less hearty. The grill gets too hot for the wire and it burns through leaving two pices of probe wire. There is no way to use this with a grill and get sustained use from it. The same is true of all brands.. Models sold as "wireless" are not wireless in terms of going from the meat to outside of the grill. Somebody needs to figure out how to make this tool without the probe wire. That said, before it becomes useless, it works really well. Maybe the idea is to buy these by the case? 
Do not waste your time in purchasing this product. At first, I thought this would be a great kitchen gadget for making small cones for my kids or when I just want a little treat, but I was wrong. The manufacture didn't think that as soon as the waffles are done, you have to be quick and roll the waffles into cones for it too cool. Well, instead of making one, you have to roll three in enough time before it cools. I tried numerous times to roll each one quickly as possible, but by the second one the third waffle is cooled and has not had the chance to be rolled up into a cone. It really is not smart for the manufacture to sell this product, unless it comes with three cone makers to wrap the waffle in. And, to state that you need three people to make it or it will not work. Do not bother purchasing this product, unless you are an expert cone maker. I did, however, went ahead and purchased the regular sized cone maker. It is hard to perfect the perfect cone without having a hole at the bottom, but at least I have time to wrap up one cone at a time without having it cool on me to quickly. Also, the petite cone waffle maker is rediculously too small to try to wrap. It really is a waste of energy. You could put batter in only one of the cone indentions, and do it one by one if its what you are looking for. That could work. All in all, personally it wasn't worth my time and money spent on the thing 
this is my first Le Creuset casserole. When I first received it, it was smaller than i was expecting. But after cooking with it couple times, I really fall in love with it! Now I always clean it after using, and have it on my stove top in the kitchen! it's so cute and fun 
These glasses are superb in quality and appearance. The purchaser should be aware that they are of the smaller type of martini glass, more the original size, rather than the wide mouth styles you see in some stores today 
I've had 2 sets of these simple but marvelous mats so far, not only the handiest thing I've bought for my kitchen, but friends keep talking me into giving them one. I only need one or two but one is always on my countertop for various uses the past few years. I'm a senior lady and disabled, and my time standing in the kitchen is limited so I hate cleaning up messes, picking up dropped stuff on the floor, sterilizing unweildy wood or plastic cutting boards. Mainly love the ease of chopping or slicing vegies on it, folding it over like a funnel and dumping right into a salad bowl or a pan with NO SPILLS, or vegies onto another can't do without item, faithful George Foreman Grill, beside my meat entree. Top down, vegies and meat dinner in 4 minutes. So simple to just put under the faucet and run hot water over it, or wipe with a little bleach on a sponge. Very few knife marks on mine, but I don't like super sharp knives, and if I seldom have to cut meat I use a scissors and wax paper on the mat to then wrap and freeze pieces. I buy boneless skinless chicken or pork or sirloin chops. The grill gets a once over with a damp paper towel. So simple and time saver, not like cuts on a wooden board which is most unsanitary. Beyond a slicing surface, great for placing cannisters on to fill with coffee or sugar, salt shakers, or stuff I seem to always have to spill some, shakey hands at 70. Just roll it up, shake in the trash or sink disposal, rinse if necessary and reuse, keeps counter clean and free of stains. I put hot or cold things on it to protect the formica, made a few stains with coffee but cleans with bleach ok, not ruining my counter top. They wear well but at the price, and the work they save they can be tossed for another new one. Best features are flexible enough to roll and empty, easy cleanup forget the broom, and no storage problem in my cramped space - stack them on the counter and peel top one off for next job. Besides these mats and the elec non stick grill, my micro rice steamer is the third CDW to make food preparation easier than ever in my life. If I spill dry rice filling it, roll and dump in the cooker. I am not kitchen friendly, want to spend as little time on my feet as possible, hate to cook, hate cleaning up, dinner in 6 minutes and I'm done. So glad to see these are on the web, had a hard time finding more in stores when I want to gift someone. If you want the job done clean and fast, tired of bending picking up rollaway strays off the floor (or always between stove and counter narrow space) buy these for a staple in a kitchen, especially for seniors - I've no dishwasher nor disposal I might add. Why in the world would one need a cutting board heat resistant? not for oven or stovetop use. For glue guns and crafts which I also do, put a piece of wax paper over your extra mat if you want to protect a table top, I use one on my desk and serves as a coaster too. I didn't even know about the silicone part, who cares. Just can't rave enough over these. Saves work, saves time 
Pan was what was expected but the muffins do not come out looking like a mushroom. I was looking for a pan where the muffin top came over the muffin so you could break it off. It's hard to explain. 
I 've been using this apple peeler for about six years. It still works great and makes pies a breeze. Even easy enough for kids to use! Much more stable than the kind you have to clamp to the table 
I purchased this after looking at all of the reviews. What a mistake! After using this to cook single cup servings of several types of rice, there was one thing in common - a huge mess. Even after rinsing the raw rice several times, the unit still spatters out to about a two foot radius. I may try it with a wet dish towel on top to contain the mess, or I may just stick it in the basement and forget about it 
I just bought this toaster (not on Amazon) to replace a Black toaster oven that had served well for more than 10 years. This new toaster oven burst into flames when making toast filling my house with rank smoke and nearly setting my kitchen cabinets ablaze. This is a very dangerous appliance that, based on my experience and other reviews here, should probably be taken off the market and recalled 
Bye whisking you away I froth, foam and easily handle all your whisking problems away. My handle is so secure it will absoutley amaze you with its workability. Please try me so I can whisk you into my recipes, now 
All four glasses arrived broken. They are not packed for shipment. I have tried three times to get Amazon to refund my money but I have had no luck. Heed the warnings 
I like the pistoulet dinnerware and specially the bread plates. But after some dishwasher, the paint begin to peel off. At least, I got a excellent customer service from Pfaltzgraff and they have exchanged the product. Good advice, dont place them in the dishwasher 
The coating does not last - extremely poor durability. I've been very careful with this pan, using only wood or plastic utensils and washing by hand only. Didn't matter - within just a few uses, the coating flaked off and the edges on the underside are rusting. Waste of money 
I have used this filter daily for over a year and love it. At first I tried using it in a "Mr. Coffee" style machine, but found that my coffee grind was too fine and the water would filter through too slowly and overflow if I made more than 2 cups. Since I make coffee for one or two people usually, and don't like to leave the coffee on the hot pad, so this was okay for me. Then I switched to single-cup method using a drip filter holder that fits over the cup. I bought it along with a cup at a Starbucks about 3 years ago. One thing that is great about the SwissGold filter is that it cleans so easily. The first time I rinsed it out I took a paper towel to the inside and it came out clean. I was very surprised. (Not so with the plastic filter holder.) The taste is great, and I haven't purchased coffee filters in 3 years. Once I tried it with a coarse grind coffee in my coffemaker, which I received as a gift, and that worked out okay, too. Currently I am using it with my caffiene free Teeccino herbal coffees (help me keep my blood pressure normal under stress), and the filter works very well with those blends. So I highly recommend it. It pays for itself if you are looking at it from that aspect. 
FYI, those of you with square burners will not like this one. It is not stable because of the design, which is clearly meant for round burners. 
These work great to get that extra out of the bowls. I am very particular about my spatulas. I love Pampered Chef items, but do not care for their spatulas. They do not seem to slide very well. The MIU ones slide easily on all surfaces 
I got this as a gift from my mother when I moved to my first apartment away from home. She already had one, and loved it. I use mine quite frequently, and makes quick work of dicing onions and peppers for philly steaks or burgers. My brother and father have also since purchased these units. I have had mine going on 5 years now, not a problem with it. great value, good gift for cooks for one or two, who do not need a huge unit to chop stuff. 
We had registered for All-Clad pans for our wedding last year, and decided to go with a Calphalon commercial nonstick set instead. The person helping us highly recommended the Calphalon One infused anodized set instead, and said the demonstrations he had seen were fantastic. We bought that set and have had it for nearly a year. We hardly ever use it, however, because things stick so badly, even with oil. While the set looks quite nice and cleans up easily enough with soaking and Bar Keeper's Friend, I'm very disappointed with how it cooks and would love to be able to return it 
Have to say "ditto" to all the reviewers below--I owned another brand before but it wasn't nearly as powerful. At least one reviewer expresses concern about keeping the blades clean, so I must note that the instructions indicate everything but the motor housing--which detaches from the blade element--can go in the dishwasher! 
This is by far the nicest omelet pan ever. Super easy cleanup too! I love the way it stands up to high heat and still comes clean 
These are substandard thin towels. They are cheap. The current price is far too much to pay, and they should be about a buck each. They are terrible in dealing with liquid because they are so thin. I find the pictures here deceptive...there is nothing here that you can't find in your grocery store cheaper. 
I only use the Brisk Brew for heating water while on vacation....I'm a tea drinker. My Ex husband got custody of the first one we bought, so the search was on. When I couldn't find it in the stores I went on line. As soon as I saw the exact same I ordered it. It works great, and travels light! 
The very first cut I made on this cutting board left a huge gouge in the surface. Subsequent cuts also left deep marks. For something that's advertised as being harder than maple, I found this to be very surprising. Maybe it's the way it's put together? All I know is that this cutting board is on pace to be the shortest lived ever in my kitchen. Pretty much the only thing that I like about it is that bamboo is a renewable resource. Good thing because at the current rate, I anticipate needing a new one very soon 
I've had this for about 2 months and the handle snapped right off. When it was working it was great, but for the price I expected to get more than 6 uses! I'm very disappointed 
I love this little fan. It's perfect for cooling one person. I have it on my nite table and use it every night. Amazingly quiet and soothing air. 
I bought a machine similar to this one late last year - it broke after about 30 cups. The 'tap' for the steam jammed. I'm still waiting for the repaired machine to be returned after 3 months - yes months, not weeks. According to DeLonghi service it will be another month before it's repaired. I have no faith this will happen, nor that it will work for any length of time after I receive it. Their service people, while reasonably pleasant, don't help - they know virtually nothing and seem reluctant to go beyond just answering your questions. If you're smart, you'll go buy a coffee machine from someone else 
I am so pleased with these sheets. Prior to this purchase, the most thread count I had in my sheets was 600. These 1000-thread-count sheets are much more luxurious. In addition to the thread-count quality, these sheets fit my bed better, are wider and deeper than my other sheets. They cover my thick mattress with sheet to spare 
This pot is a perfect medium-sized saucepan. The double handles are a great feature. We use it at least once a day in our kitchen. The non-stick surface is extremely durable, although I'm not sure I would use metal utensils with it. I use a blue scrub sponge to clean it. I'm not sure I would use the more abrasive, green 3M pads. Overall a very durable, high-quality cooking utensil. In fact I'm back here today to buy one for a friend 
I've been using mine almost daily for cooking and/or laundry, and it is still running off the original battery after more than 6 months. The one small criticism that I have is that the buttons are too easily pushed, and I can't stick it in my pocket without stopping it or changing the setting somehow. Other than that, it's ALL good.. 
I used my Hoover Agility for the first time and the suction quit after 5 minutes. I followed all the trouble shooting instructions and it still didn't work. I called Hoover and spoke with a rep who was basically reading out of the manual. I sat on hold for 21 minutes only to hear a manager tell me that they cannot give out technical information because it's against their policy. I guess this is to ensure their Hoover service centers get the business. I'm returning the Hoover and NEVER purchasing a Hoover again. 
I am very pleased with the dishes. Years ago I owned Corelle dishes, and am now wondering why I went the way of the heavier dishes. They don't scratch or take up a lot of space. I bought two sets. I love love the colors and my table settings are so nice to look at, especially since I purchased table mats with big orange blooms to put the dishes on and celery napkins to match. It really makes for a beautiful table. I get compliments all the time. I was also very pleased with how quickly I received the dishes - in about 3 days. I am always happy with my purchases made through Amzon.com 
Boy, do I LOVE this piece! I got mine for a LOT less at an outlet store and it's just wonderful. I LOVE the purple color - it's just gorgeous in a tuscan kitchen and this piece looks marvelous on the table. It does wonderfully in the oven - it's not overly big so don't get it to feed a family of 5 or so. It's about 1.5 quarts. I get tons of compliments on these pieces and the purple, well, it's just original and if you're afraid of it, don't be. It's just a gorgeous color and one that I'm very glad to have introduced into my kitchen. I'm getting more! Highly recommended piece. 
This grinder grinds well but failed after just 2 months of operation. Don't buy it unless you want to waste your money 
We like the features and performance of this oven quite a bit. We bought it to replace a regular old toaster oven. The T-Fal toasts very evenly and I can fit a whole frozen pizza in it! The bad part is that after about 2 weeks of service, the controls work only very intermittently. This means that all functions behave at their default settings--no temperature or time adjustments. Luckily, the default setting for toast is just barely on the brown side for us, still edible. It's annoying to have what is otherwise a fine oven so befouled by unusable controls. It would have received a 5. 
I don't think these are the highest quality sheet you will ever find as it has some thread coming out of the hem after a couple washes. With that said, for the price, the sheets are very nice and feel soft after a couple washes. 
The handles, although very cushioned, are TOO fat for my hands (which admittedly are rather small). I never really got to give either piece a true test though, because the blades on the parer and the vegetable peeler were way too dull to work well. I can't really recommend either, although the parer was a little better than the peeler 
The Amco sifter broke during the second time I was using it and the first time I used it it took a long time and the handle kept sticking. Also my hand, wrist and arm were hurting so bad from all the work it took just to get four cups sifted. It also leaks flour where the handle is at the bottom 
I bought both this and the similar version from Brookstone this year. I was expecting a lot from the metrokane, but it turns out the Brookstone is much better. It's $60, but the Brookstone version will last you MUCH longer than the $45 metrokane. Among the differences: The metrokane is made of plastic, the Brookstone is metal. The Brookstone model comes with two bottle sealers, and it's case is made of very high quality leather-like material instead of cheap plastic. Finally, my metrokane is brand new, and I've already managed to scratch the finish, since it's so cheap. If you're looking to get a new wine opener, do yourself a favor and BUY ANOTHER BRAND 
This is a poorly made product. After a few months of use, the blade broke off. The handle is hard, brittle plastic covered with soft plastic. The blade extends into the brittle plastic only a little bit. The results were inevitable. Pure junk 
I recently ordered a Pedrini Black Satin Stainless steel Tomato Slicer through Amazon.com. The delivery was very prompt. The slicer came with a clear plastic cover for the blades. But the problem is that the tomato slicer is very dull. The tomatoes are literally torn up by the time they are completely sliced. I would not order another one by Pedrini. I am not pleased at all with my purchase 
The pad sent to me did not match the description or photo. The neck on the pad is very narrow. The photograph depicts a different type of ironing board than the one the cover actually fits. I bought two of these and had to return them both as they did not fit the board. I was stuck paying the shipping, thus penalizing me for a product that was misrepresented 
I ordered this after reading that it "includes 6 18 ounce bowls". This is bad advertising. I ordered 2 sets and only received 2 bowls. After I wrote to customer service and asked for the additional 10 bowls per the offer. Amazon refused to send them and thanked me for "pointing out an error". In 2 days Amazon has not even corrected the ad. Beware of this product and offer and know that Amazon has not made good on its offer. I have ordered many products from this site, but will be more skeptical in the future, and will only order an item if it is an individual item with a name brand that I can track 
This thing is wonderful. I've enjoyed one since my first home and it makes a tremendous difference- esp. if you rent and don't have any control over the kind of tub you have. 
Doesn't work. Not worth the postage to return. The foil cutter works, though...so if you want a really expensive foil cutter with a free paper weight, this is for you! 
The sheets arrived soft and after washing stayed colorfast but shrunk. They were difficult to get on the mattress 
This is the best can opener I've ever used! With arthritis in my hands and wrists I've always struggled with can openers. (The electric ones take up valuable counter space and tend to spill the liquid contents.) The Oxo is easy to grip, easy to turn the knob and I appreciate the little jaw-grippy thingy on the side to help seperate the can and lid. 
I've had to bring this back to Hoover 5 times in less than a year. The belt for the self-propelled motor comes off ever other time I use the vacuum. The on/off button has been fixed 3 times. It works when it wants to. Even the guy at the Hoover store admitted that this piece of garbage is known for problems with the belt coming off. I have nothing good to say about this. I'm a huge Consumer Reports fan but they missed the boat on this one. They need to update their testing over the long-term. I'm still pissed I blew $250 on this ridiculous excuse for a vacuum 
I suppose color choices would be nice; choice is almost always good. But my smaller Golden loves it. She likes the view it gives her and it's room and she doesn't paw at the sides. My larger Golden (118 lbs - and no he's not fat; he's just a tall, tall Golden) would paw at the sides and that could spell disaster with this crate. She thinks is very cool and I like the weight of it for being prepared to hit the road when the next hurricane is announced. He has a big folding metal crate and that suits him 
I add lots of cheese to my pizzas and it tends to get all over the pan. With other pans, the cheese sticks and I have to pry the pizza off with a spatula. BUT NOT THIS ONE!! It just slides right off with one shake. My party pizzas come out crisp and heated evenly. Also, I have cut my pizzas on this pan and there was barely a scratch on it. Very heavyweight with no warping. What a buy! 
I'm a huge fan of Le Cruest's products and own a few well chosen pieces. Having said that, this new satin finish is a disappointment. I was given this a gift a year ago and was thrilled - until I used it. I really wish they'd go back to their original smooth enamel finish. This must be an attempt to produce an interior more durable for using metal utensils with. An attempt that in my opinion is a failure. Things (like eggs and hamburgers) stick to this finish. You have to use a lot more fat to prevent sticking. It's hard to get clean, takes quite a bit of scrubbing even after soaking. It doesn't give the finish to grilled meats, etc that I want from a fry pan. Forget deglazing it to make a sauce. I find my All Clad 9 inch skillet to be a superior performer to this one. Since this is a 9 inch skillet, I haven't used it to saute onions, etc., so I can't say how it performs with these items. I do use it to make cornbread and to roast small portions of meats or veg in the oven, with good results (as long as I'm not going to use the browned bits to make a sauce). This to me though, is not enough uses to justify buying it. 
Saeco is great full automatic esspreso cafe maker,with buildin grinder and automatic disposal best in class for pric 
I've had two of these now, and they both had one serious flaw: the trumpeted "brew and pause" feature DOES NOT WORK. Pull the carafe out during brewing and treat yourself to a steaming hot waterfall of coffee that would almost be comical if it weren't such a relentless pain in the neck to clean up. Also, it's hard not to spill some water on the heating plate, either during filling or brewing, creating a consequent sizzling sound that adds a lot of ambience -- if you live in a steak house. Considering how many other coffee makers are available out there, these flaws make this machine a mistake. Too bad, because some things are done quite nicely: the controls are good and easy to set, and the overall styling is sleek, euro-cool, and compact. Unless you live in a community where calcified sewage runs through the taps, the water filters do about as much as a rain dance. Pass on this one 
To be fair, the design is great looking, size is ideal, and very functional. However, beware of quality and packaging. Whoever packaged this in Thailand did not take care, it has nicks and scratches everywhere..not to mention the dings in corners. Paint in all the panels is inconsistent..therefore, you can see different colorations throughout different panels. It is somewhat redish in stain tone, could be darker to be a true dark walnut. Manufacturing flaws such as missing drill holes, which makes it tough when assembling...got screws, just missing screw holes. I only recommend to those with a nack of wood handyman, not for the average person. Recommend you need the following tools: Drill with phillips screw heads and drill bits(just in case), small bottle of dark wood stain(to touch up painting the scratches), and some patience. To continue, beware when placing this table on a true flat surface, it may have uneven stance...ok on carpeting. And beware if displaying in bright lit areas...people may see the different paint tones, and difference between the two table. Lasting, it is not 100% solid wood, some panels have veneer over particle board. Heck, what do you expect for $69bucks.. 
These are well-made spoons, not junky at all, which is always a possibility with cheap, mail-order items of this type. The steel is heavy-gauge, and all the edges are rounded and safe. Good value and a good way to top up an order 
These pans are great, nothing sticks to them. I baked a pie, set on top of the pan, and the burnt overflow stuff just slid right off 
Good for the price, I wish it didnt get crumbled...and was wrinklefree 
These knives came in a beautiful box, and are the perfect steak knife 
Excellent. Was a replacement iron for a different brand I dropped after over ten years service. Features have improved 
in defense of Amazon.com, the pan was not damaged during shipping. It appears that the nonstick surface has been gouged on both pans. I just got a refund. Poor Quality. Don't waste your time 
The way specifications were mentioned it sounded a very good deal, and price comparision made it very promissing, but after getting the item I found item is a trash quality I have ever seen in my life. If someone give me a free item like this I won't take it. Don't fall for this deal. I am very disappointed with this item. 
This is our second George F grill. The first one burned out after about 5 years. We liked but could not get the same size so we got this one. It was bigger than we wanted but we had no other choices. WHAT A MISTAKE!!!! After less than one year and not heavy use the connector to the thermostat (spade conn.) just fell apart. Being the handy man that I am, I fixed it. Today (9/6/2005) it burned out again. This grill is a fire hazard and should be recalled. It is a piece of junk. We will replace it with a different brand. Thanks for nothing George 
These glasses DO work and in much more distinct way that I could have ever imagined. I have bought many Riedel glasses to my wine-lover friends and they absolutely love it too. You got to try them to believe it. You won't regret it 
I bought this pan because it was non-stick, plus it had the air cushion between the layer of steel. I bake my usual brownies and cookies and they all stuck to the pan. It stuck more than my glass pyrex casserole pans. It was not easy to get it off, I had to scrape it off and it took time and a bit of muscle. Definitely not non-stick. The air cusion works from preventing the bottom of the cookies from overbrowning, which is not exactly a great idea since the top of the cookie become significantly more brown than the bottom of the cookie, which sometimes is moist and not quite holding the cookie together. On the up side, this pan doesn't warp if you are baking at 350 degrees of below. I am returning this item, I wanted non-stick and this definitel was not. 
Well, I'm not terribly impressed with this metal rotary grater. Yes, it will grate cheese, but the gap between the drum and compartment that holds the cheese is a little over 1/4 of an inch. This allows for the cheese to get 'gummed' up and eventually that large wad just falls through. Also, for harder cheeses this means you're constanty picking out chunks of cheese that should have been grated. I've yet to find a rotary grater I'm happy with. I've broken several plastic models within 2 days of owning them. While I've yet to break this metal model, it just doesn't perfrom very well. I'm still using my stand-up grater 
This coffee maker is the best I have ever used. It keeps the coffee hot for 2 hours or more after brewing and it is easy to clean and maintain. I would recommend this appliance to anyone. 
The 17 piece set is a great value but quality of the stainless steel is poor. The mirror finish doesn't last long when you begin cooking on or even boiling water. The bond use to stick the bottom plate to the bottom of the pan is odd. When 1st heated it makes a few popping sounds. I didn't expect a great quailty product due to the cost of the set. Finding everything that I needed and used was more important. The set does heat evenly and cook well it's just overall spotting and stains are an eye sore. This product is great if looking for style and going to hand it up over an Islan 
***** I bought two sets of four bowls to complement my nice set of everyday dishes for times when you want just a little bit of something---like a little yogurt, or some granola, some fresh raspberries---and we use them all the time. I agree with a previous reviewer that they would be wonderful for food prep. They are not thin, as a previous reviewer has noted. They are not thick or bulky either, though, just perfect. They seem like they will last a long time and wear quite well. They almost look, well...elegant, which seems kind of cool for just Pyrex and for the price. The bowls come well-packaged, and although the price is very low, they definitely don't seem cheaply made. I haven't seen them in stores, either. Great buy! **** 
I have bought over 6 of these for friends and family, everyone that sees it, has to have one, we make alot of our own jewelry, so we have plenty of bracelets and earrings. This keeps it organized so you can match colors to the outfit you are wearing. It is the best! Very good quality too 
This toaster at the lowest setting of 1 burns my toast. It also burned one side of a frozen bagel when I put it on defrost. Further, when plugged in, the dial is lit up by a red light. It makes me feel like the toaster is on, and needs to be turned off. I have to keep reminding myself that it is okay. If I can find the box, I'll probably return it. Maybe I just got a dud, since most reviews here are goo 
Maybe I just have stains that are too much for it, but this cleaner didn't seem to do very much, certainly not enough to warrant paying the extra for it versus normal cleaners. And I'm not using it on very old Le Creuset either, everything I have is less than a year old. Maybe it does better on older stains! 
This fry cutter is good if you have a small potato and want some fries...otherwise you will need to cut your potato first. Also, it takes a bit of effort to use 
when this arrived I was very pleased with its quality-color-packaging -everything.Only problems is that after a short time using the plates I noticed scratch marks-dark ones in the center of the plates-I would guess from where people used their dinner knives to cut their food--very disappointing-as I was ready to buy the entire collection-glad i waited. 
This machine turns coffee into a near-religeous experience! Every cup has a perfect crema head, is absolutely fresh, piping hot, rich and strong - and it's SO fast! Anyone who doesn't like this coffee maker has to be: 1) Using the machine incorrectly (most of the criticisms I've read reveal the real culprit is "pilot error") 2) Using bad coffee, or 3) Just not a coffee lover! I have been responsible for the sale of at least 25 of these machines, simply by serving its coffee to family, friends and collegues - everyone rushes out to buy one for themselves. (Granted, I use great coffee: Java One's French Roast. Look for a retailer on-line.) My friends have abandoned Starbacks, now that they can make this! So don't let the critics scare you - this is the BEST thing to happen to coffee since the blessed bean was discovered. Come over - I'll make you a cup and all arguments will be settled 
I just received my set. The glasses are so... beautiful! Yet, 5 out of 6 are defective!! What a big disappointment! I have been looking forward to receiving my first Riedel....Amazon.com provides great deal which I got $80 for 6 glasses, but they were obviously factory seconds! So disappointed! However, the design of the glass are beautiful!! I am still returning them! So sad!...... : 
My cats absolutely love this fountain. It works great, and takes very little to keep clean. The resovoir is a must though 
I used metal muffin pans before, the muffins will never come out without the help of a knife, even the pan was sprayed. On the other side, I am very satisfied with the Kitchenaid product, becuase beautiful muffins come right out, when turn the pan unside down (need to apply cooking spray before baking). Yes, it did have some plastic smell during baking for the first couple times. After that, no smell at all. I chose not to pay $5 extra for the rack, still it works well with a cookie tray. The only negative comment is the unerasble marks left by grease(oil/cooking spray) on the surface. I am not complaining about it, as it states clearly in the instructions, and it does not affect baking. Overall, I am very satisfied with this product, and I will buy more for my new kitchen. 
I was pretty hesitant to try a new baking item, but these muffin pans are wonderful! The cleanup is super easy, there is no problem getting the baked item to slip out, and I don't have to worry about rust or tarnish. I would highly recommend this type of new bakeware to anyone who loves to bake, but doesn't love to clean 
If you're in the market for a used Nissan coffee mug, then step right up and order from Amazon.com! So you're probably thinking, yes, maybe I would like a used coffee mug. How about a used coffee mug with dried, brown coffee stains still in it...And how about with the fresh aroma of a...what does that smell like, ah, Vanilla Latte I believe it is. If you're still interested, continue ordering, but be advised as customer service will be unwilling to compensate you for any issues you may have with receiving a dirty mug in the mail. I think Nissan stainless makes a nice product, but I would suggest ordering from SOMEWHERE ELSE!!! Hip, Hip, Boooooo 
WE HAVE A NEW PUPPY AND I BOUGHT THIS CLEANER. WHEN I READ THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS I ALMOST RETURNED IT UNOPENED. FOR SOME REASON I DECIDED TO TRY IT. I HAD JUST RENTED AN INDUSTRIAL SIZED RUG DOCTOR ABOUT THREE WEEKS AGO TO DO MY CARPETS. I JUST WANTED TO TRY THIS TO SEE HOW IT WOULD DO. THE DIRT AND DOG HAIR I GOT OUT WAS AMAZING. IT WAS VERY EASY TO PUT TOGETHER AND TO USE. I RECENTLY HAD SHOULDER SURGERY AND THIS WAS VERY EASY TO OPERATE WITH ONE ARM! THANK YOU SO MUCH 
These are hefty, and not super soft but high quality. No fancy stitching or detail of any kind. Ran a little small for my king bed, but you can't beat the price. 
This is the best French Oven I have ever used. It cooks evenly and cleans easily. While it is very heavy, that must add to the excellence of its cooking and that's what I wanted. No complaints. 5 Stars 
This is my favorite knife. It cuts very nicely and has a great feel. Mine is still sharp after 2 years of use 
This products is horrible. It burns the rice and the heat actually bend the insert so the lid would not fit anymore and after using it only a handful of times it stopped working. It is really terrible would give it zero but there is no option 
It's too bad ... I really wanted this to work, since I love soft serve. But after using it twice I donated to Goodwill. It would be great if somebody brought out a home version of the "drill" thing they use in some frozen yogurt places. Until then the best bet is to let the ice cream or frozen yogurt thaw in the fridge for a few hours, then stir it up with a spoon until it's the preferred level of softness 
We originally bought the product for our toddler's room and then ended up buying a second Vornado for our master bedroom. This is an excellent buy for several reasons. First, it is sleek and stylish, especially given its neutral color. Second, it provides a great wind speed given its small size. Third, it provides a constant soothing wind sound, which is great for drowning out any annoying pheripheral noises. Lastly, I have not seen the product in a retail store any cheaper than on Amazon.com. We have had the product over 8 months with nightly use with no sign of defficiency in performance 
After one wash the fitted sheet shrank and color leeched onto it so it has grey splotches in places. We don't even have a deep mattress but now the bare mattress shows on the sides. It'll have to go in our next garage sale. 
this breadmaker is not doing what I want. It is so touchy, you have to be very very precise to be able to cook a reasonable bread loaf. I am not satisfied with the product and will try to return it. also it works very noisy during dough process. look for something else if you want a breadmaker 
This is a very nice small oven, but as a toaster it really drives me up the wall. As someone else said, three knobs to adjust just to make toast! Then you have to stand there and watch it and the toast still burns! I will keep this to use as an oven, but tomorrow I am going out and buy a nice small toaster. And guess what it will not be an Oster product. This is the last of their products I shall ever purchase. Joh 
Henkel Pro S knives are second to none. They will last a lifetime and make a tremendous difference in your cooking. These knives take the 'chore' out of cutting vegis 
This Whisk is far superior to any other I have owned. I cook constantly and a whisk is a necessary tool. This one is sturdy, reliable, and stands up to the most viscous mixtures. Kitchenaid is the way to go for all of your appliance and cookware needs 
I should have simply repaired our old toaster that worked well, and reliably, for eight years. Too busy, first I bought a Braun toaster (looked great, had major problems actually toasting), then I bought this Krup toaster, and guess what, it looks great but has trouble actually toasting. Starting with the first piece of toast all is well (hence two stars instead of one). However, after the toaster is warmed up, the timing/heat regulation becomes totally useless. You have to toast, toast again, toast again. Fancy digital count-down-timer doesn't help much at that point! In researching toasters, did I mention I should have repaired my old toaster when it broke, I read a review where it was suggested that 'toasters have been around a hundred years, it can't be that hard!' I thought it funny at the time, but having now spent over $150 on two worthless toasters I find myself saying "toasters have been around for over a 100 years, it can't be that hard!" I hope Braun and/or Krup don't make medical devices or we are in trouble. 
The Fiestaware Scarlet mugs are beautiful but dangerous. The handle is much too small for this size mug. If you can get your finger through the small hole, your finger will soon be as scarlet as the Fiestaware. The first and only time my family used these mugs, two of us burned ourselves. Fiestaware really screwed up on this one, a shame given the beauty of the Scarlet Fiestaware 
Read the one review,five stars,have no clue as to why.It is a piece of JUNK.First the handle closes on my fingers continously,next it barely heats ,even on high,very poor steam.The teflon soleplate is rough and drags on the fabric.I wasted my money on a piece of trash from China. Hope this does someone some good.BEWAR 
Tried this on my favorite but often dull chefs knife and after 4-6 strokes was very very sharp. Works great as promised. casing cheap so not sure how long that will last or if it will hamper it's operation. compact, stores well, would be great for motor home or other small kitchen. For $29, makes me wonder what the $99 version does that Amazon also carries. knocked a star off for the cheap plastic case 
I love to cook, and own several different brands of cookware, All Clad, Cuisinart, and Calaphone. This sauce pan didn't disappoint me. I love it!! The pan has a wider bottom than most 2 or 2 1/2 quart pans. This is great if you need to saute onions or peppers at the beginning of a sauce, or if you need a little extra room to stir something. I am very, very happy with this 
Enjoy your sleeping hours in quality sheets with beautiful Butterflies embroidered on the pillow cases top sheets..an awesome deal for yourself or a gift for someone you want to bless 
While seeing this pasta bowl on sale for $4.99 here at Amazon.com, I didn't think twice to purchase several of them will all kind of color availalbe 2 weeks ago. What a great price! I was so excited and waiting on the door on the schedule delivery day. The packing is nice and secure. The color was so vivid at the first sight, but.... after I took a hard look, almost half of the bowls are defective!! Un-colored white spot, un-glazed bubble holes, black dots/stain inside of the bowl. Even defective spots are tiny, but they are so obvious. They just don't look good with those flaws on them! I was so....disappointed and frustrated as I went through all the 21 bowls I ordered. By the way, the BLACK bowl have no name or mark of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowl. I will say those are probably the factory-secondary products. It turned out I have to return almost half of the bowls and keep those bowls with bearable defectiveness, such as vague stamp of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowls. Of course, all the black ones are returned since they are no-name with the bad quality. No one will even believe they are Fiestaware!! 
Worked like a charm until I put it through the dishwasher, and now it always exudes a fine black residue. Maybe some kind of rust? Can't use it anymore unless I want black grime on my ice cream. I have emailed the manufacturer to ask what's going on; haven't heard back yet 
I should have listened to the other reviewers, which I usually do. I followed the directions to the letter. Put it on in 95+ degree weather and never felt cool at all. In fact, after several minutes I actually felt hotter and was sweating as much as without this thing on. Even if it had worked, it was very uncomfortable. I am suprised that Sharper Image sells such a bad product 
I agree with most of the positive reviews of the VacuVin Food Saver set. However, I'd love a larger size--one that could hold at least one pound of ground coffee. I suppose the downside would be that it would take longer to pump the air out of a larger container. But, they're easy to use, look nice, and keep the food fresher longer. Review update: 05/03/2005 One Star 2 of the containers won't hold a seal any longer. Not recommended for the long term. 
I FOLLOWED BREAKIN INSTRUCTIONS AS WRITTEN ON PG 3.THE CLEAR SEE-THRU TOP WARPED.UNIT WORKS,BUT IS UGLY. I CONTACTED SALTON AND WAS TOLD MY UNIT WAS OUT OF WARRANTY,TOO OLD! I MAILED COPIES OF MY INVOICE. NO RESPONSE.I GAVE UP.I WAS VERY HAPPY WITH YOUR SERVICE,BUT WONDER IF DRIVING TO WALMART MIGHT HAVE BEEN BETTER. SINCERELY, JOHN C BENNET 
I received my Taylor Professional [and] it appeared to be behaving normally except it shut itself off after 4 to 7 minutes even while its readings were changing. Now, it is supposed to save its battery life by shutting off if there is no change in its temperature reading for 10 minutes, but it should stay on if its readings are changing. The temperatures were no where near the extremes of the thermometer's range, so this wasn't a case of shutting down because of that. ... I e-mailed the manufacturer about the problem and was told I could return it to them for replacement. I did this and less than three weeks later received a new one from them. Surprise, surprise -- this one behaved the same way, shutting off after 4 or 5 minutes even while its readings were changing. I e-mailed Taylor again about this and suggested they check out their existing supply of this model, as I suspected they had many that were shutting down like this. ... Approximately two weeks later ... I received another package from them containing one of their model 9845 thermometers, a different model! I received no communications from Taylor about this, other than their original e-mail stating I could return my original thermometer to them for replacement. I don't know what I'll do now. I would like a properly functioning 9878 ... 
I bought this iron based on the recommendations here and was terribly dissapointed. First of all, the iron is very big and heavy. That's not really a problem by itself, but when the iron leaves wrinkles on a shirt as much as it did, it becomes a big problem. The controls were hard to deal with. Turning the iron on and to the setting desired involved getting under the holder. I can see someone burning their hand on a hot iron by accidentally reaching underneath to get a grip in order to work the controls on a hot iron. The water receiver only accepts water when the iron is laying flat. Well, that's fine if the iron isn't hot, but what if you decide you need water while ironing? The steam controls either don't work on the unit I have, or they don't work similar to any other iron I've used. This iron is far worse than the Sunbeam I'm trying to replace due to inherent problems and leaks 
Love the pan, the center is so cool, because you can tell when the product is pre-heated.....the center changes and it is so great. The pan is almost too big, but it is perfect for everything I can possibly cook in it 
The bag is narrow and difficult to fill. You invariably end up with a mess which gets even more messy because the bag is made from a very slippery plastic. I had no luck using this bag, even though I gave it two chances 
My dish for the holidays is always mini-cheesecakes. It was always frustrating to get them out of my mini-muffin pan. This pan has made it so easy! I no longer dread making this dessert. Just a note though... the cups on this pan are approx twice as big as a regular mini-muffin pan so adjust your recipe accordingly. I just double my recipe and get bigger mini-cheesecakes. I don't think anyone will mind 
This one is doesn't work when it gets hot or wet (and where do you use YOUR thermometer?). Also, it is very easy to leave it "on" draining the batteries. Replacement batteries cost nearly as much as the thermometer itself. I have another Taylor (unfortunately, there is no model number on it). It is auto off and saves the MAX and MIN temperatures. The MAX is helpful when I want to check I steak on my HOT! grill. I can hold the thermometer with a pair of thongs without burning my hands. This one is just plain useless 
I love these little clips. They are small in size and useful for hanging a shopping list, a note, and things of this sort. Their magnets are strong and colors quite pleasant to look at. 
I like these lid covers as they fit very well. I have always had a hard time with plastic wrap sticking, or aluminum foil tearing. I would recommend this if you need to store your recipes for a bit before serving them. I also like the sturdiness of these lids as it does not allow flavors to mix when you put them in the refrigerator 
This is a wonderful appliance and at what a savings! Mine arrived promptly and in "shipped from the manufacturer" condition. This is such an improvement over my old waffle maker (no matter how much I greased it the waffles always stuck). The first time I tried it was on my new son-in-law and I was eager to make a good impression. A red light indicates the appliance is on and a green light tells you when it's ready to cook. My first waffle came out beautifully and you-know-who ate it with great satisfaction and requested another. Then I screwed up. You see, if you don't follow directions and forget to rotate the waffle maker your waffle splits in half and can't be put back together again! Third time I did it right. Waffle grids slide out easily for cleaning in the dishwasher. Outside of stainless steel appliance my be cleaned with soap and water or glass cleaner if you prefer. Handle folds down and therefore the appliance stores easily. I was too busy to follow the gram instructions in the recipe booklet accompanying the waffle maker and too busy to beat egg whites separately. So I used my tried and true pancake recipe which turned out great. In the future I'll be more creative! Highly recommended for waffle lovers 
My wife and I ordered 2 sets of the corelle ware. We even got a $10 discount automatically. The order came quicker than expected and everything was in excellent shape. We like this type of diningware better than china ware. It is virtually indestructible. I lkie Amazon's free shipping. I've purchased many things through Amazon and haven't been disappointed 
Right out of the box and with skim milk, I have a latte that rivals the corner coffee bar. Easy to set up, easy to use, easy to clean. Can I ask for more? What else is there 
If you're like myself, the 5 a.m. pot of coffee has to be simple. Well designed makers keep it almost idiot proof. This one does a great job.Once you learn that the spout is not "drip proof", you will be happy with this as a purchase 
They are working well so far. They stain a little when grease gets on them 
All I needed was an iron to get the wrinkles out of my cloths for school and this did a very good job. Now to be honest, this is the first iron that I've owned so I don't have anything to compare it will but none the less, for me, it did it's job 
This product simply does not work. The vacuum is so weak that it does not preserve the wine, even for a day. I have used a Vacuvin for many years and it is a far superior product at a far lower cost. We bought this item because it appeared to be easier to pump than the Vacuvin -- and it is. The reason: it doesn't preserve the wine. I am seeking a return and refund, either through Amazon or Metrokane 
This is my favorite salad spinner, and I've tried several over the last couple years. It dries my lettuce very well, and has some useful features that I haven't seen in other spinners. Like the old Zyliss spinner, you pull on a handle to spin the basket. But with this one the more you pull, the faster it spins, kind of like revving up a top or something. It spins much faster than those 'crank' spinners or the 'push down' type -and faster spinning means more water off your veggies. As for the new features, here are my top five: 1) The lid is clear, so you can see the veggies spinning around in there and make sure you're not overfilling the spinner, the lettuce isnt bunching up in one corner, etc. OK, it's also just mesmerizing to watch your food spin round and round. Kind of like watching your clothes roll around in the dryer. 2) There is a brake! So after you've whipped your veggies into a frenzy, you can slam them to a stop -which also helps get more water off. This works better on the small sized spinner, since there is less weight to stop, but even on the big spinner it works very well. I have seen a brake on another spinner, but this one works much better. 3) The cord pulls itself back in -and gently: I disliked how the old 'string' spinners would yank on your arm, and if you didn't respond just right the string wouldn't pull in at all: it ends up just sitting there in a pile. You'd have to take the lid off and wind it up yourself! This new design winds the cord up every time. 4) The basket is smooth on the inside -that's something I defintely have not seen before. It's a subtle feature, but very helpful: it helps make sure little bits of your lettuce dont get stuck in the basket when you're cleaning it out. 5) You can stack things on top of it, both in the fridge and in the cupboard, because the top is mostly flat. The handle even sits in its own little pocket in the lid so that it's not in the way. In my house fridge space is valuable and I appreciate being able to stack this spinner like I do with my tupperware. So, overall I am impressed with this spinner (so impressed that I've also given it as a gift!). It does its job very well and has thoughtful extra features which make it more helpful around the kitchen 
Very good buy for $85 +free ship. Bought this one to replace a smaller Black Decker toaster oven that served us very well over 5-6 years until controls gave out (the B still works, just have to keep the button pressed in). I looked at reviews of several toaster ovens before purchasing the T-Fal. The less expensive ones ($25-$40) were getting dinged because of occasional mentions of overheating or fire risk. Not worth the chance. I also wanted something as small as possible because we have little counter space in our 10' x 10' kitchen, so a more expensive one was not an option. The T-fal gave dimensions on Amazon it was 3 inch wider, deeper, taller than our B No big deal - wrong. It was bigger than I thought when I put it on the counter, looked like a monster compared to the B Also, I could not open the top warmer lid to the point it stays open. This because of height restrictions -- bottom of my kitchen cabinet is at about 54 - 60 inches. I can open the top, but I need to hold it open. My fault, not the product or mfr. But be aware that size matters in a small kitchen. The function buttons are very simple, nothing complicated - one button for toast, one for bake, another for broil. You can set how long it stays on, and it beeps (electronically) three times when it shuts off. There is a clock, but it could be easier to set. I mainly use it to toast bread, bagels, sandwiches and to bake small pizzas (sauce with cheese on a pita - easy). The toast function takes longer than the old B (about 4.5 vs 2 minutes), but thats OK by me. The bake function works very well, I prefer it muchly over starting the oven to bake something small. Clean-up is a snap with a removeable crumb tray, glass doors and non-stick surfaces. Negatives: you can pull the rack out about 30-40 percent before it tips forward and burns you. It's controllable, not a big deal, unless you don't know about it. I did know thanks to previous reviews and I was prepared for it. The fan was louder than I expected (I expected no noise since the B has no fan). But it is a soft sound, lower than my computer fan and only on during cooking. Overall, it's a well built, well-designed machine. 
I was suprized when I read the 1 review.I have had mine for 3 years and had no problems,it has been in the dishwasher,put away by my two kids.No cracks no chips,cleans up great 
The price of this iron was reduced to $24.99 with the purpoose of missing the $25 order for free shipping, then they trap you into buying another item or pay over $7 for shipping. Now, to make matters worse, they omitted the most important feature of the iron; that the soleplate is aluminum. 
There is one huge problem with these sheets -- they are not permanently pressed. There is no way to get out the wrinkles, other than by ironing them. Otherwise, they are fine. But who in the world wants wrinkled sheets! You should be able to take them right out of the dryer and fold them with little or no wrinkles -- like your average sheet. These sheets are full of wrinkles and they look just terrible on the bed. I cannot believe you are actually selling these things on-line 
When we got married 7 years ago, we were given a hand mixer of another brand (Sunbeam, I think) that had seven (or was it nine?) speeds and lots of different attachments (dough hook, wisk, etc., none of wich worked well). I have a hard time remembering exact spefications because it died after 6 months, and I hadn't even mixed anything heavy with it! I always mixed most of my flour into things by hand to try to spare the motor (my mom had burnt through several mixers). So we went to the store, and for $30 we could get another cheap brand with many speeds and fancy gadgets (several brands models available), or we could get this Kitchenaid with one set of beaters and three speeds. I chose this simple Kitchaid and have never been sorry. This little hand mixer takes it all--even stiff cookie dough like roll-out sugar cookies. And it mixes every last bit of the flour in. Beaters don't clog, dough mixes up smooth. I plan on someday getting a bigger kitchenaid, but so far haven't needed it. If you are on a budget, and need to get the most power for your penny, this is the best purchase you could possibly make 
We also bought the FCP12 after years of hearing from satisfied Farberware users. Unfortunately it only worked about three months until it also made lukewarm, tea - like coffee. I removed the bottom and wiggled the wires and it worked great for another month or so. After a few times of this monkey business, I contacted Farberware and was told I had voided my warranty by removing a single nut from the base. The best they could offer was a refurbished unit at half price. Shipping would be on me both directions as well, I told them I would not pay any price for another one of their products, based on our experience and their lack of any desire to acknowledge the widespread problem or help to fix it. I am going to try replacing the thermostat, as I like perked coffee, but I am not convinced it will last any longer, time will tell 
This has been used twice. The first time I used it, it made a great smoothie. I tried to use it this past Independence day and the "pulse" stopped and started continuously. After a while, something smelled like it was burning. On the bottom, there appears to be lots of specks of metal. Don't think I'll be buying a new one 
I bought these in a few colors (at a higher price) about a month ago. They were purchased to replace some designer catalog towels that I mistakenly thought would be of better quality. Well the designer towels shed about 1/2 their heft in my drier. So here I came to Amazon looking for a better alternative. I ordered 3 sets of these and am impressed with their drying ability and their feel. The towels are nice and thick and absorbent (like a towel should be, right?). The package of six include two sets -- making this an even better deal. I just went back and bought another three sets for use over the holidays with out of town guests. You won't be sorry with these. I am tossing my old towels and using these sets almost exclusively 
The heater is great. If it had a timer it would be even greater. However, it serves the intended purpose well. The "cool to the touch" feature is perfect since I have a toddler. I never leave it unattended but it's nice to know that if the baby somehow gets close to it there won't be a diaster 
My Son, who is a Culinary graduate, purchased a set of OXO knives for me as a gift. I know they were not inexpensive. However, within a year, three of the six knives seperated from the grips during use. While the grips are quite nice, the knives are dangerous to use and can cause serious injury in the kitchen. They should be removed from the market. In all three cases, the blades flipped upwards during slicing. 
I agree with the previous reviewer that these are difficult to clean and dry. I could never get mine really clean so I threw them out 
Fiesta Scarlet is a beautiful color and the Sugar and Creamer with Tray is really great. Mine arrived broken and I had difficulty returning it so I remain disappointed and unwilling to try again. 
Worked great the first couple of times. I didn't keep it on the charger for 24 hours (not realizing that this is a problem) and now the battery only works for 10 minutes at a time. It's now basically worthless 
I have seen this online on other sites and in catalogs for $20 (not on sale either - regular price). Same siz 
I just purchased a glass top stove and bought this because of the protective bottom. However, after using it several times, I would choose a different grill because of the following reasons: #1 The spatter mess - there is virutally no way to prevent splatter when using this pan creating an unneccessary amount of post-cooking clean-up. #2 There is no option of purchasing a lid #3 The pan itself has an odd rectangular shape that does not fit on one burner or two for that matter. Thus, somewhere while cooking you have a cool spot 
I PURCHASED THIS ITEM IN AUG. I CLEANED THE ENTIRE HOUSE AND IT WORKED WONDERFUL. IT WAS EASY TO PUT TOGETHER AND VERY EASY TO CLEAN UP WHEN FINISHED. I GIVE THIS ITEM A 5 STAR. 
This unit looks like it would be fun for the kids, but in fact, it barely works. Even when the insert is pre-frozen in a zero degree freezer, the maching has problems getting the mix even into a "soft" state, and even when it gets close to that, the ice cream does not dispense in a manner that allows for the classic soft-serve look in the cone. An email to cuisinart regarding the problem went unanswered. We used it twice, and gave up. One hint that's not in the instructions: you have to keep the machine running while dispensing -- or trying to dispense -- the ice cream. Another hint that's not in the instructions: don't buy this item 
These bags and all of the Foodsaver brand bags are flawless. The only way they would fail is if they are being used wrong. If you do Ebay you can get these same 32 count gallon bags for about $10.99 + $5.50 for shipping. And sometimes you can find a seller that will combine shipping for multiple boxes. I purchaced 3 boxes of gallon 32 cnt bags for $32.97 + $9.00 for shipping. Also keep in mind that you can wash and re-use these bags as long as they did not hold any kind of meat and that they have never been boiled. I have used them multiple times for things like corn on the cob 
I ordered these towels in two colors mainly because the price was right. But when they arrived I was so pleased. They're larger than I expected and very plush. I've washed them several times and they look as good as when I first opened them. It's really nice to finally have towels that actually dry you off 
I thought that 1200 thread count meant really soft.....while these sheets are really thick, they feel like sand paper. If you're looking for soft sheets, don't buy these. 
We've gotten into homemade custard-based ice cream and that means careful stirring to make sure nothing sticks to the bottom of the pot. The design of the working end of the whisk allows the head to reach every bit of the pot but without my having to twist my stirring arm into a knot. Since the head is hinged, it lies flat in a drawer which is a good thing, too 
Jeez, everyone, yea, they cost a buck each, ok, a buck! but they can be reused, how often do you go to the dollar store and spend a buck on a totally usless piece of something that breaks as soon as you bring it home, hmmm? or you buy a pack of paper plates and they are gone in a couple of weeks?? Well, at least these are serving a purpose, and are reusable....I don't have to scoop anymore, and I have 2 cats, I change it maybe every 3rd day, and it's not a chore, takes less than a minute, less time than scooping and smelling it as it sits there, and speaking of, I do not smell their poop at all till it's changed. so I'm happy and I think it's more than worth it! 
Consumer Reports rated this a best pick toaster for the money, and we agree 100%. It toasts beautifully - just what it's supposed to do, right 
The price of this pan threw me, but I decided to give it a try since the cookware is so good. The pan is the best I've ever used. It doesn't stick, it cleans up quickly, and it's true, you CAN use metal utensils in it. I've had the pan for almost a year, and it looks, and bakes, as if it's brand new, even though it is used constantly 
I have used this filter with my Grind-n-Brew for 2 years. I put it in the dishwasher at least twice and have never had any problems with it. I have no idea what these other reviewers are doing wrong, but I love this filter. I never have grounds in my coffee. There is always a little darker/thicker coffee in the bottom of a good cup of coffee! As for price, $20 is NOT the actual price for this filter. $10 is the "real" price, so you are not getting a deal on Amazon especially when you add shipping (unless you are getting free shipping). I have seen the same $10 filter at Wal-Mart, Walgreens, Ace Hardware, and Publix. Overall, if you enjoy a good cup of coffee and do not want to put the chemicals added to paper filters in your body, buy this coffee filter 
When it works, this blender does a fine job, and looks great. However, our first one quit turning the blades in less than a year. We sent it in, after MANY calls to customer service, and they kept the darned thing for 3 months before deciding to send us a replacement. The replacement lasted only 2 years before the blades broke. During that 2 years, we figured out that our extra set of blades didn't fit in bottom ring properly, and allowed fluid to pour through the motor. Great. I should have save up to buy a vitamix instead 
My husband bought this machine because it was supposed to be fast and convenient, and with different schedules, easier to brew one cup at a time. It worked fine at first, but now after just 3 weeks it leaks hot water all over the counter. This has happened to both my husband and me so it's not bad technique on our parts. We follow directions exactly, but we keep having to stop it, open the lid, check the pods, reclose the lid and try again. This takes all the convenience out of it especially when you have to clean coffe puddles off your counter. This just isn't acceptable, but it's mostly plastic so probably to be expected. We have used other pods besides the Senseo pods (which don't produce good coffee) but that shouldn't be an issue as they're all the same size. Anyway, we're trashing it and have ordered the Bunn professional which will hopefully do a much better job. I'll let you know in a future review. My advice on this one is either don't buy it or if you do, based on other positive reviews, keep the box and the receipt so you can return it when it starts malfunctioning 
I was excited to upgrade to this coffee grinder after years of using a cheap Krups model, and I have to say that I am very disappointed with the way this machine grinds coffee. It takes way too long to grind, whether pulsing or grinding continuously. And then the grounds are very uneven. Although the manufacturer says it is grinding slowly to keep the flavor in, every coffee expert I've consulted with says the longer coffee grinds, the more it heats up and the more flavor is lost. Even after long grinding, there are large pieces of bean still visible. I was also excited about the machine's detachable bowl, which does make for easy cleaning. But only of the bowl. The rest of the machine is a pain to clean and no matter how carefully you remove the top, your counter is covered in grounds. I bought a second bowl so that I could grind spices in the same machine, and I think the coffee grinder works better on spices and seeds (such as flax) than it does on coffee. But you still have to clean the entire thing before reusing it, or your spices have a strong coffee flavor from the grounds that are stuck to the protective case. (That plastic case does make grinding quieter, however.) All in all I'm quite disappointed with this purchase. I should have gone farther upscale and gotten a more serious burn grinder, or stuck with my cheap Krups with the slanted bowl base which made even grounds quickly. 
Awkward handles and lightweight feel. Bought as a gift and had to be returned. Chicago Cutlery has better lines. 
I have been extremely happy with this set of knives, and for only $40 I believe them to be an excellent value. The blades are sharp and well constructed, and the handles are comfortable and seem durable. The set only comes with two long knives, so you may find yourself washing them while cooking, but we like to use the steak knives for chopping smaller vegetables or trimming meat and have thus rarely found that we are short on knives while cooking. If you're looking to do professional work, these knives probably won't fit your needs, but for an average cook, we use them a lot and haven't found anything they can't handle. Plus, you are getting the set for about $3 per knife, and these knives would run at least $10 to $15 each if purchased individually or at a local retailer. 
This is THE bowl that we were looking for. We found it at several places, but Amazon.com had the best price. They even beat the local discount cooking stor 
Last holiday season, I received this Fiestaware Scarlet dinnerware set as a gift. I absolutely love these dishes. They are strong, look wonderful, and put a smile on my face every time I open my cupboard at mealtime. Not one dish has chipped or cracked and the color is even and vibrant. I find the size of each item comfortable to use. The fact that they are dishwasher and microwave safe is just another wonderful bonus. Now I am looking forward to adding more pieces to my collection. Buy this set! The quality and price can't be beat!! 
I bought these towels to wash my car, so I wanted a thick soft 100% cotton nap. What I received was on par with the thin towels you'd find at cheap hotel - not thick or soft. On the plus side, the sewed in tag did say 100% cotton and it was made in the USA 
ive had only great hot drinks from my machine!! i love it 
This color of Fiesta is just gorgeous and a great addition to any collection. My sister-in-law, for whom this was a gift, just loves it and I'd be tempted to buy a set for myself if I didn't already have a ton of dishes. The Fiesta line are all well made, solid dishes that can be used for all occasions. If you know someone needing dishes, the Fiesta line is the way to go. These dishes increase in value regularly and add a lovely touch of color to your table 
It vacuums dog hair like nothing else I've used but you have to clean it every other time you use it. The cord could use 10' or so in additional length. The handle retracts nicely and it's light weight makes it easy to move around. I think the thing I like about it the most is the narrow suction strip or whatever it's called. I think the high power motor coupled with the narrow strip equates to superior suction but a little more time in use. This vacuum is totally worth the $60 
I've used my pan twice before reviewing. The first time was corn muffins and they came out really well. They muffins popped out with ease. The second time I made lemon cupcake with white chocolate chips, and it was harder. The pan was hard to transport to the oven full of batter. Halfway through baking, the batter drips onto the oven floor, causing me to put a muffin tin under the pan. When baked and cooled, the cupcakes broke while popping out 
The solid contruction and well machined lids make these a joy to use. We didn't want high maint. type of cookware just a high quality, easy to use and maintain product that looks good on the pot racks but cooks well every day. Boy we are impressed! These cook with even heat and the only negative found was that the lids fit so well you have remember to take them off befor the dish cools or a vacume can form inside requiring reheat to remove the lid. They are easy to clean and a dream to handle 
I received this as a gift for Christmas. It worked like a charm for ice cream and lemon slush 3 times. BUT then, the base burst in my freezer, spewing foul scented goo all over. I contacted the manufacturer to ask how to get it replaced, and NEVER HEARD BACK. Apparently they don't care about backing up their product. Now I have to buy another one, and it won't be this brand 
I am an avid baker. Sometimes you need to whip up your egg whites to fold in later. Having an extra bowl makes this so much easier than transferring to a different type bowl. Or maybe you are making Christmas cookies - you can have one batter chilling in the fridge while you are mixing another one. It's well worth the money 
ok this is the stupidest thing i read all the reviews and all the nagitvive ones i agree with i wouldnt put a guggy just one guppy in the i have african cichlids mbunas to be exact and i have a 29gallon i over stocked mine but i dont carei have 15 if you count the two plecos ok i have a 60 gallon filter .does this thing have a filter???and if its only 6.34 gallons or 2.16 gallons idk its not worght it.if you want a small fish tank get a desktop or if you want a wall fish tank GET A CUSTOM THEY ONLY COST 1,000 DOLLARS spend it its worth it byebye and thank 
Amazon should discontinue sale of this item as replacement batteries are not readily available 
My wife and I selected the Krups FME-4 coffee maker to replace the Braun KF550-BK model we've used for the last 2 years. The Braun was, and still is, an excellent machine. But it lacked a timer, which the Krups has. The Krups has a good clock/timer system that can be a little confusing, unless you read the manual (self-explanatory). The display uses an LCD that can be difficult to view from some angles. Overall, it works okay. The construction of the Krups is what bothers me the most. My Braun coffee maker has a filter holder that can stand upright on the counter while I'm filling it with grounds. This is really useful. Unfortunately, the filter holder for the Krups is not designed to stand on a counter, so I have to replace it in the coffee maker unit or hold it with my free hand while adding grounds. This is a big annoyance. Also, the review that mentions the uselessness of the water-level indicator on the side of the unit is completely accurate. Bubbles form in the indicator, making it impossible to read. Few things bother me as much as a feature that looks great on the packaging, and that's all. Regarding the carafe, yes, it does spill; but, only if you try to pour too fast. I had the same problem with my Braun, and just backing off on the angle of the carafe while pouring is enough to keep the coffee in the cup. Overall, there are some critical design flaws that really shouldn't be present in such a frequently used product; but, it makes good coffee and is fairly simple to use. In hindsight, I might have instead bought the Braun KF580-BK, which is identical to my current model plus a clock/timer 
This is a decent unit. For those who don't take the time to read or can't understand what they read the product listing states the scoop included is for a 4 ounce cup(4 x 4 is 16). The usual sold in the US coffeemaker is a 4-6 ounces per cup capacity. Coffee instructions say usually measures are for a 6 ounce cup. A cup is not what you use or the standard liquid 8 ounce cup. Most advertised 10 and 12 cup coffeemakers hold the same total amount in the carafe. The manufacturer calcultaes what will sell. This has been going on since I bought my first coffeemaker 30 years ago. Caveat emptor! 
I have the Tucker burn guard commercial line, kitchenaid and various designer potholders and I've stopped using them all except these Oxo. These are great for blocking the heat. I have smallish female hands and I admit that these mits took some getting used to. Once I got used to them (after the first or second use) I routinely reach for them. Its to the point that I don't even have the other ones out anymore. I am here looking to replace my original set of 3 (2 mits + 1 potholder) and I was surprised by the negative reviews. So surprised in fact that I am writing this review. I swear by them 
I am really dissapointed with this bread machine! I had a panasonic 1 lb. breadmaker which I loved--but wanted a machine with a bigger loaf capacity. Never had any problems with the smaller panasonic, and received the Oster 5838 fo Christmas and have had nothing but bad experience--how many times do you have to experiment with the thing to get a good loaf of bread--like the Panasonic, you should be able to follow the instructiona and get a good loaf of bread!! We also gave 2 of these for gifts --and really feel bad as they are a pain--all 3 are going back! 
I agree with all of the other good reviews. I received my waffle maker yesterday and made waffles this morning. All came out great, from the first to the last. Nothing to clean up, just wipe it. I'm completely satisfied 
My wife stopped me punishing any more innocent tomatoes when the Oxo Mandoline, my chopping board and the kitchen floor and walls were dripping with red 'stuff'. Captain Correlli could not have played this gadget. It is totally useless and now resides half way up one of our trees 50 metres from our kitchen door 
The Cuisinart SMO-56 is an overall good value for the price. The motor seems very strong, and the speed adjustments are adequate. The casing is brushed chrome plastic, but it looks nice. It's not as solid feeling as some of the more expensive blenders 
While this was great to not scratch my non-stick pans, it melted while using it in an aluminum pan! Would not recommend 
i own many kitchenaid appliances and love the brand. i even own a silicone muffin pan which i love. this pan, however, is terrible. the cake did not bake completely and i had a terrible time trying to get it out of the pan. (yes, i sprayed the pan effectively.) do not waste your money! stick to the metal pans 
I was a little dubious about this item. Some of the reviews indicated that it did not really have deep pockets. Well, I can tell you that it does. My mattress is a pillow-top measuring in at 16 inches and this mattress pad accomodates it perfectly. So, do not believe the nay-sayers; for the price this is a bargain which should not be passed up 
I had to wash the comforter 3 times before it softened up enough for me to put it on my son's bed. The sheet is still "crunchy". I was a little disappointed with the quality of the sheets. They are very thin. The comforter is however snuggly warm 
I thought I couldn't live without my Cuisinart or Kitchen Aide - this product goes on the same list!!! This was the easiest, best performing kitchen gizmo I have ever had. A must for entertaining and holiday baking - simple, easy - no mess! Gone are the days with the one at a time with the gas burner!! Love it, love it!! 
This cooker made great rice...for a grand total of 3 uses before it broke! It also has a very thin and easily dented aluminum bowl that is NOT non-stick. There are better cookers out there for comparable prices. Don't waste your money 
When our wonderful Cuisanart four-slice toaster finally died, we replaced it with this horrible piece of junk, because it seemed most similar to the old one. What a mistake! - Even on the lowest setting, this toaster burns the crust at the bottom. - It is not easy to tell if you have it set for two slices or four. With the old toaster, it was very easy to see. - The push-down slider does not move freely and sometimes has to be pushed down two or three times before it engages. - The old toaster let you select "defrost" and "bagel" at the same time. The new toaster lets you select one or the other. All in all, a big waste of money and a major disappointment. 
The item is what I expected at this price. I like the shape of the dishes and bowls. My only complaint is that a dessert dish broke in shipping and it took forever for a new one to arrive and it was chipped 
This iron is a technological marvel. I have just had it for a few days and I have ironed some very difficult, over 100 year, heirloom open-embroidered linen. It was a breeze and the results were truly professional. The controlls are easy to use, the steam settings excellent. It just glides over those diffucult spots. It may be a little pricey, but it is worth every penny. This is an ideal tool for anyone who sews on home fabrics. The upright steam feature is a plus. I was concerned about the weight, but the iron glides so effortlesly that you do not notice the weight. 
The processor works terrific! It saves us much time everyday. One minor problem is some foods get stuck between the cover and the blade and can not be processed 
The design for using the DC adapter with LED Booklight is extremely poor. It is possible that I missed the warning that tells you to remove the batteries before using the DC adapter. But, it must not have been very big. I combined the two and ended up with batteries that leaked all over inside the battery case. These were brand new batteries. There does not seem to be anything protecting the batteries from the DC adapter and so the power goes right into them. This is bad. Modern devices are expected to work with either battery or adapter without having to remove the batteries. I had assumed that I could leave the batteries in so that when I was at home I could use the adapter, but traveling I would use the batteries. Don't make this mistake 
The "brushed chrome" is plastic. The spout leaks, and the motor burned out in one week. On top of that the store where I purchased it, Kitchen Kapers wouldn't let me return it saying it wasn't designed for drinks that require crushing ice. Why then do some of the recipes in the manual call for ice cubes? 
Unfortunately, I've ordered more than my share of FoodSaver products, having bought into the philosophy of vacuum storage, despite reading ample warnings from discontented consumers. What many of them claim is very much to the point: plastic containers frequently develop cracks and loss of vacuum. I've had many of their marinators and storage canisters prove defective after less than 10 uses. It seems to be related to the material properties and container size characteristics. The smaller containers seem to last longer. Those with thick walls relative to the specified volume or reinforcing structures seem to last just a bit longer. In plain language, the plastic containers are unreliable. FoodSaver should develop materials and designs that can handle the stress of the vacuum cycling placed on them, or quit the the business. Since their products have been on the market for many years, I can only assume they are more interested in recruiting new customers than satisfying existing customers. If you like filling out warranty forms every few weeks, more power to you. Bottle sealers are equally worthless. Every one that I bought lost vacuum in short order. In one case, a defective seal resulted in a spill of cooking oil that damaged a nylon tent and other camping gear. FoodSaver has done a good job with certain items in their product line. The vacuum unit is well designed and performs reliably, as long as the instuctions are followed. The bagging system is unassailable, even though the cost of the bags and rolls is quite high (read Consumer Reports reviews). And, to be fair, their Universal lids are excellent. Use them to seal small glass jars or stainless steel bowls, and there is no loss of vacuum due to cracked plastic. Bottom line? Be careful which products you buy. Some are excellent, while others are pure junk. 
I was so happy when I received this sheet set. It looks beautiful (that's the reason why I am still giving 1 star). But after a couple of nights of use the fitted sheet became ruff. THEY PILE!!!! If you are looking for comfort - as anybody who buys a 1000TC sheet set is - don't bather with these. Spend your hard earned money someplace else 
If you have a large dishwasher these are wonderful dishes, they are not only beautiful, but sturdy, and I was so impressed to see that they had a one year break and chip warrenty with them. Anyway they are wonderful and we love them. 
I wish I had. This one goes to the Goodwill. Grill plates are fixed and a chore to clean. Grill leaves uncooked areas if height is irregular, like a chicken breast. Hamburgers work best. Watch out for burns 
I own 3 other Malibu Shores comforter sets and I just love it with no problem. But, with this particular set I'm so disappointed with the quality of the material is poor, the areas where two materials were sewn together is tearing apart, and the stitchings are coming apart in many different parts of the comforter. Not to mention the padding is already separating after two weeks of usage 
I purchased this wok for my husband's Christmas present. It was lovely, we cooked two meals in it Christmas day. Nice heat transfer, beautiful on the table (but big). That night, he noticed the handle was cracked where it meets the pan. It's considerably narrower than the normal Le Creuset handle. Back it went to Williams Sonoma, where there were a few other L.C. woks with similar cracks! Phooey to you, Le Creuset. I wish I could find another glass lidded Joyce Chen wok - my old one was the best, before it was dropped one too many times 
Wish I had heeded the advice of most of the reviewers before I purchased this. I went ahead and purchased this because it was replacing a Braun coffee maker that we had had for 10 - 15 years. After it got the new plastic taste out of it, it made good coffee. Even without the Brita Filter. Just like all the reviewers indicated, the carafe leaked and spilled badly unless you poured very slowly and carefully. Unfortunately, it has quit working after only 2 1/2 months. The seller, Etronics, is declining to do anything about it saying it is now outside of their 30 return period. That will be the last thing I buy through them. Like uhh, since they sell Braun,one would think they would have some recourse through Braun and try to help their customers. So, here I am between the proverbial rock and a hard place, try to find a Braun warranty center and wait for it to get repaired or replaced, or just bite the bullet an go buy another. (want to bet it won't be a Braun?) Additionally, what do we do for coffee in the mean time? Such are the hazards of purchasing an electric appliance on the internet 
This is my third Salad Shooter in the past 20 or so years. Wouldn't be without one! It's great 
This a a great pot...plenty big, and excellent quality. My friend bought one too, as I liked it so much 
If I could give this thing a negative number, I would. I just threw away 2 large bags of brown sugar because, after I had thrown away the bags the sugar came in, I could not get the Z845 to work. What a mess! I had brown sugar all over that part of my kitchen. On a couple of occasions the sealer has worked without creating a vacuum. This time it appeared to be trying unsuccessfully to pull all the air out of the bag, but the bag never sealed. I have watched the video several times and have read and re-read the instructions. At first I thought I was not operating it correctly, but now I believe the Foodsaver is the problem. The first time I used it, to seal a quantity of chicken for the freezer, it worked beautifully. It hasn't worked right since then. Another problem is that it wastes an amazing amount of plastic material. Is it possible this thing was invented for the purpose of selling refills, rather than to work as a sealer 
I purchased this as a Christmas gift in early December. It didn't ship until February, which was okay. By then I liked the way it looked so much, I bought one for myself. They both arrived within a week of one another. Both boards were treated with heated food grade oil and allowed to sit and soak it in. After wiping off the oil, my board had surface cracks, where the oil had pulled some of the glue out from between the bamboo pieces. Within the first month of use, both boards developed cracks all the way through them. Both boards were never soaked in water, but just wiped with a damp cloth. This board may be beautiful, but it quickly became unusable and a waste of money. Now I'm looking for a good hardwood cutting board. (I've already replaced the gift board with another.) All in all, this fiasco of a cutting board has cost me around $150...and I have yet to replace my board 
I just ADORE silicone bakeware!!! I don't own this particular pan, but I'm replying to the first review. This pan, according to the description, measures 17-4/5 by 7 4/5 by 2 inches. I'd imagine that the individual loaves would probably measure approximately 8 by 3 1/2 inches, a good size for, for instance, zucchini bread loaves intended as Christmas gifts 
I get this thing and they forget to tell you about the big bulky power cord its impossible to feed the fish and a number of other problems 
I am very pleased with this lightweight, inexpensive teakettle. The size is great; you can make many cups of tea in a single boil, but because the kettle is lightweight, it is still manageable with lots of water inside. Trigger button on handle makes pouring easy and burn-free. I highly recommend this product 
Threw it in the trash! It was AWFUL!! Horrible to clean, didn't chop right. PASS ON THIS ONE!! Bought an unknown brand for $9.99 and love it 
I had traditionally used pyrex cake pans and wasn't completely satisfied with the results. Just recently, I purchased the AirBake cake pan after having successful results in their line of cookie sheets. I am completely satisfied with this pan and recommend getting rid of the traditional pyrex 
I was really hopeful about this product working. I have four dogs, ages 2 through 8. I tried and tried to teach them how to use this product, but they just never could make the connection of the bark to pushing the button. They just ignored the paw and wouldn't ever put their paw on it to even touch it 
This product is a disgrace. Nonstick is not one of its virtues, and those who are thinking of purchasing this waste of money should be forewarned. It is not even well designed for broiling with small openings for fat drainage that quickly clog up. I am honestly surprised that Amazon would allow such an unworthy product to be sold under its banner 
I was a KitchenAid fan. I had the Special Edition 350 watt and burned the motor out twice in just a couple of years. When it burned out the 2nd time I decided not to spend another $100+ on repairs. I bought this Delonghi and love it. The splash guard is great and convenient to use (I'd never used the KitchenAid splash guard because it was too much trouble). Now I don't know how I ever lived without one--no more white dust all over my counters. The power is more than I'll ever need but at least I don't have to worry about burning the motor out. It is very easy to change attachments. You can even change them while the splash guard is on. It is also very easy to clean. Great Buy 
I honestly liked the blender a lot. I received it as a gift and it matched the rest of my kitchen's KitchenAid appliances-- range, refrigerator, dishwasher, pretty much everything other than the toaster oven. At the time, there could be no better blender. It looked great. It promised professional performance. It had KitchenAid's brand and durability behind it. I use my blender for making tomato sauce and the occasional fruit smoothie. There is some amount of ice crushing required, but that shouldn't be an issue. I certainly was not a weekly let alone a daily user. So, 3 years after I got the blender, I went to turn it on and it is completely dead-- no light on the on button. Changed outlets and still nothing. It's done. What an incredible dissappointment. But, it seems to me that the KitchenAid brand has really taken an awful turn since it was acquired by Whirlpool(?). First, my dishwasher broke (3 repair jobs) then my stand mixer's seals are loose. I called customer service about trying to buy a replacement thermometer for my range and after endless re-routing, I got no where. The fridge has minor issues (loose rails, pieces not refitting) and is probably the best of the lot. I did some research. Apparently, KitchenAid is just licensing its name out on various products. So, realistically, there is no such thing as KitchenAid quality anymore since they don't make much of anything. Everything is just a re-branded product. Whirlpool is going to milk the brand premium until its reputation catches up to it. From a once KitchenAid loyalist, avoid this product-- yes it's beautiful but it's not going to last. Avoid all KitchenAid products because they really are not what they once were 
This carafe keeps beverages warm enough. The problem I'm having is the push button on the lid sticking in the open position. The instructions that accompanied the carafe address this issue, although they were written for a different model that has the push button on the top of the lid. Despite following these instructions the push button still sticks. To get the lid to close now after I'm done pouring I have to release the button and smack the top of the carafe. Very poor design in my opinion. I wouldn't buy another Zojirushi product based on this experience. 
The only positive thing I can say about this candy thermometer is that the design allows it to stay on the sauce pan relatively well. Other than that, it is difficult to discern temperatures between the 0 - 50 marks. Also, it tends to read low so that the candy is much warmer than the read out indicates. Since using this thermometer, I have ruined more batches of fudge than I care to think about. If you want a good candy thermometer, don't buy this one. 
Every time I use the pan is twists as soon as it gets hot. It makes it very difficult to cook on and to move in and out of the oven. The non stick surface comes off very easily too. For the money I expected better!! 
Made good waffles when I got it but now it burns them to a crisp. There is no adjustment on it to compensate for the ageing of the internal components. 
I love this thing! Not only does it perform beautifully, but it's absolutely gorgeous. I prefer to serve meals in it rather than one of my pretty platters. I waited a pretty long time (almost a year) before writing my review to make sure I abused it enough. This is my 2nd review. Because it's well made, it's pretty heavy...that's why the "helper handle" is so helpful. We have a chicken salad about 4 times a week so I wanted a really big pan to be able to sear my chicken all at once without having to work in shifts. To clean and sanitize stuff, I put EVERYTHING in the dishwasher...vacuum attachments, toothbrushes, dog and cat toys etc...so the fact that this fits in my dishwasher is awesome for me. I wash it by hand about 1/2 the time. The nonstick coating is wonderful...not a scrape or scratch on it. Pay particular attention to cleaning the rivets (that might be the wrong terminology) that attach the handle to the pan on the inside. The dishwasher gets all the icky stuff out of every crevice, but I use a soft dish brush for the rivets if washing by hand. :- 
Would look great if it lined up correctly. Goes together very crooked doesn't line up 100% with other parts, there are only three major parts. I ordered two holders, both have the same problems. May redrill the screw holes to line things up better, but may just return both for a refund. I love the look, it would be great if things were done correctly 
We just replaced our entire kitchen dishware with the Sango Brown - Mistake...even bought the added pieces...well, we ONLY hand wash them (we have a dishwasher but rarely use it). In the first week, a plate broke in half right down the middle...then a week later, a second...and tonight, a third..all three directly down the middle of the plate while HAND washing..(not rough washing either). I have a call into Sango and hopefully they will resolve it. After reading the reviews here, I would have to agree that its not worth the danger of broken dishes (My wife sliced her finger pretty good on the second broken one) to buy these. I am going to try to find a set that will go with ALL THE EXTRAS I bought from Sango..I am HOPING I don't have to replace everything! What a mess! Sango, why cut corners on such a beautiful set?? Im at a loss here to figure out that business logic 
This combo is awesome! I've used coconut oil (very little--it doesn't burn or smoke when heated) to season it and the press gets better with each use. I use olive oil for the meat or bread I'm cooking and, although a steak wasn't seared as much as I would have liked, the pannini are outstanding. The coconut oil seems to season without coloring so much and this is the first time in a very long life that I've correctly seasoned a pan. Residue now just slips off with hot water and a natural bristled brush. Please read the use and care instructions--I don't usually but for some reason sat down and did--you will find them very informative. I love it 
I was very pleased with the Le Creuset baking dishes I have (I have the Poterie 10" x 13" deep dish baker, 14" oval baker, and 9" square dishes as well as this one). However, my 12" dish just cracked down the middle while I was cooking a pork roast in it at 425 degrees. It had only been in the oven about 45 minutes. I am sorely disappointed and now I am wondering if I wasted my money on the others. I have only had it for about 2 1/2 months 
did not fit the pot I needed it for. too much money for shipping on small item to justify sending back. 
When something says 'white' I sort of expect to get something close to the colour white. I ordered three of these plates but they are closer to beige. They also have an odd matte finish that made them seem cheaply. However, they are large plates and at this price, probably good for entertaining if you need quite a few. The large ones would be good for holiday meals - those times when you really need extra serving pieces that you don't use the rest of the year 
I ordered these glasses 3 times and everytime they came in a million pieces. I would not waste your time purchasing these 
This kettle is amazing. It's simple -- you plug it in and flip the switch (a light turns on to let you know it's working). It heats very quickly, 5 minutes for a full kettle of boiling water and if you only want a cup or two for tea, it heats in about 3. For students in dorms, you can use it for oatmeal, soup, tea. Automatically cuts off after boiling for a minute, so no worries about fire hazards. Great product, I use it every day. 
A wonderful product. Everything cooks very evenly. No sticking. So easy to wash and store also 
Well reviewed on amazon but this kettle is lacking. The copper does, indeed, boil water fast; and that's the job of a kettle, I admit. However, the button/trigger that opens the spout is too close to the steam and you're forever guarding your fingers and shying away from the kettle. As you tilt the kettle to pour, you're also tilting the steam nearer to your fingers. It's uncomfortable at best and searing at worst. While you learn how to not get scalded, this kettle is always at least slightly irritating. There are better kettles around 
If you have a good cook (or chef) in the family, this makes a very impressive gift. It's a very nice looking pan that stays nice looking. My only criticism of it is the lack of a non-stick interior. You either will want to line the pan with foil before cooking anything that will generate a mess or where juices might burn, or you'll have to let it soak with a dryer sheet for a while afterwards. The stainless doesn't retain messes so much as it just takes a bit of effort to get it completely clean. But it's worth the effort - the pan cooks evenly, the rack is very sturdy. Worth the money. Watch out for the handles when they're hot - they don't fold down and it's easy to burn the underside of your arm or hands on them when you're moving it around while hot. 
It works great, and it's small (6" high, 5" diameter) and easy to use. May require some experimentation to get times correct for your own microwave. For me: 7 minutes for soft, 8 min for medium, and 9-10 min for hard eggs on high power (700W microwave). It does get very hot, so you need to remove it from the microwave with a potholder or towel. I place the whole thing under the cold tap, then remove the top, and cool the eggs under running water for a minute before peeling 
I really liked this spatula in the beginning, but after just 6 months of very gentle use its head developed cracks and chipped. 
I'm a student at a massage therapy school and i only have two sheet sets, so i wash these at least twice a week and they aren't showing any wear at all (i've had them for about 2 months). I don't really care for the color, but I get complements on my sheets often. The order arrived a week earlier than I had expected. I couldn't be more pleased 
Your freezer needs to at least zero degrees F in order to have the bowl freeze to a point the ice cream comes out a consistency thicker than a very thin milk shake. I needed a seperate chest freezer in order to achieve these temps. The ice cream maker is made of cheap plastic which caused it to break after two weeks of mild use. We attempted to correct the problem with Cuisinart via e-mail and phone calls and the issue still is not resolved and therefore we are returning the ice cream maker. Negative points aside, the ice cream maker did make great ice cream. (Thanks mostly to the Ben and Jerry's recipe book we ordered at the same time.) We'll look into getting a better quality ice cream maker in the near future. It won't be made by Cuisinart 
Very disappointing! Spend your money somewhere else. I threw away a perfectly good but old made in the USA Thermos bottle and bought this made in China Nissan 0.79-Quart Stainless-Steel INSULATED Bottle back in June of 2005. Ten Months later this bottle stopped keeping anything warm and would feel warm to the touch after you poured warm liquids in it - evidence of the loss of its insulating function. I think it lost the vacuum in the cavity which I think is the method used to insulate the liquid inside. When you spend $25 one would think it's a good quality product - Think again 
The coffee maker was working fine as long as I was using the presto Mypods with no filter in them.. Then, I tried using some pods in the regular pod holder. Coffee all over the counter every time.. I suspect that using the pods created back pressure that ruptured something internally. Based on the fact then when used as intended it fails miserably, I would have to say that it is an example of shoddy engineering.. Junk, Garbage, Crud BTW - If yours is working, I found that the secret to decent tasting coffee was to wash the pod holder (the presto mypod) with soap and water every time and throw the pod holders in the dishwasher once in a while. I guess they let some three year olds design the thing on a 'take your kids to work' day. 
I've enjoyed mine for 15 years, my mom has enjoyed hers for 36 years, not sure how old my grandma's is, all still run great. Mixes breads, cookies, cakes, pancakes, hamburger and whips cream and egg whites effortlessly. Easy to clean. Some reviews have commented on the weight, my mom has had arthritis for a long time, and she still uses this all the time. Just leave it on your counter, it looks great and you're going to uses it every other day anyway. It is getting to be our standard wedding present and we have never had any complaints. Just feels good to have something so beautiful, reliable, well made and useful sitting handy on the counter 
I use this rice cooker mostly for brown rice and it is a fiasco. You need to put in 1/2 the water that you are supposed to, wait until that is cooked in and then add the other half. Adding all the water up front causes the cooker to boil over - a real mess with rice. It looks OK, but it just isn't the quality item you would expect with the name Cuisinart. The price is also reasonable, so its not the end of the world - it might be better for things that don't require as much water or cook time (like white rice) 
We have had this dinnerware for several years. It really is beautiful. However, it chips quite easily (or maybe we are just a bit rough with 4 kids!) and so I find I have to buy some new ones each year so I have enough unchipped plates when company comes 
I placed two separate orders for this product and each order was received with one broken dish. The set s not packaged correctly by the manufacture. Ended by buying a different produce else where 
This thing slices well, then comes the impractical task of trying to clean it. The tray does not detatch from the base, which cannot be put in water because it containes the motor. Pieces of food work their way into the motor area. After removing the blade (using tools) you must remove a plastic cover with 3 screws and dig out the pieces of food. I could not believe how bad a design it was from a cleaning standpoint. The tray that slides back and forth with the food has a stainless top that is literally two-faced taped onto the plastic base. This was very poor from a quality standpoint, and came off in my hand the first and only time used. The plastic base for this tray has about fifty little half inch square honey-comb sort of areas that grease from meat or juices from food WILL get down into. This thing is a nightmare to adequately clean and not worth the trouble. It went back to the store immediately, and it was not all the way clean because after about thirty minutes I gave up. I'm looking for another brand now 
I got the machine yesterday and was so excited. I got it all ready to prime by following the directions, and it didn't work. After several attempts I called Bunn customer service thinking that I must be doing something wrong. When I talked to the customer service rep. he told me that the machine wasn't pumping hot water into the reservoir and that this was a common problem with the machine. I'm thinking for $200.00 this isn't right, and why hasn't the company fixed it? He was very nonchalant about it as if it didn't matter; just get a new one. This just isn't acceptable to me. There are many positive reviews so I'm sure if you get a working one than you'll probably be happy with it. As for me, I refuse to use something that has a known problem that the company isn't even trying to remedy. Therefore, I'm sending it back to Amazon for a full refund and buying the Simple Human coffee maker which has gotten great reviews 
My teapot arrived from Amazon very quickly and I was very pleased with my first purchase. It is just the right size for me as I usually make two or three cups. Even though it could hold more, it is not too large for a smaller amount. The tea does not drip when poured . . . thank goodness! The one I had before consistently dripped so my reason for getting a new one. This one also fits well in my hand, and I love the fact that you can microwave it if you need to heat up a bit. Overall, I would say it is quite lovely and and high quality 
This pan is nicely made, and is fairly thick silicone - but when full, it is floppy and doesn't hold its shape on the sides. The cake I made turned out with bulges on the sides that I had to trim off to make it a nice, neat rectangle. I understand now why some more expensive silicone pans have wire "sleds" to support the pans 
Brass rivets expand and contract. Wood expands and contracts. Together these elements are a bad concept from the word "go", because they will ultimately separate because someone will at one time or another put them in the dishwasher. The metal is only tempered 4 times leaving the metal soft, meaning there is a lot of sharpeing to do. Henckel, cutco, trident are expensive and chefs all over the world use them because the are used everyday and they retain their sharpness because they are tempered 7 times (the maximum amount before metal becomes so hard that it becomes brittle) Wood is pourus and is the perfect breeding ground for bacteria. You don't just wipe off knives and put them in a wood butcher block? What moran came up with that great concept? Utensils need to be sterilzed through a dish washer and very hot water with good cleaning agents. Why woould you buy a knife that you can't put in the dish washer? Why would you ever purchase a knife that requires maintenance. There's no moving parts Wood handle and stainless steel spells disaster. Learning to sharpen your own knives is not easy, chefs don't even do it. Reading direction from a pamphlet and attempting to sharpen your knives for the first time spells disaster. Your knives will never be the same if you attempt this. Companies sell sharpening tools to inexperienced knife sharpeners (like yourself) so they wreck their own knives and buy new. You buy clothes that require dry cleaning, correct? bring your knives in and have them professionally sharpened and protect your investment. You should only buy one pair of knives in your lifetime and they can be handed down from generation to generation. A dull knife is a dangerous knife. A dull knife will require more pressure which will lead to a person cutting themselves. Take it from me. I was a CEO with a company who marketed these knives to people like you and we made alot of money too. These knives were never designed to be passed on from generation to generation 
I was very disappointed with the Cookie Maker Plus and I believe I bought a defective product. The picture on the front of the box shows the person's hand on the big button to make cookies, I had to use the small button at the top to get it to work and the big button to retract the plunger. I have used the Cookie Maker Plus 4 times... twice to make twice baked potatoes, once to make candy but the 4th time I used their recipe for Classic Spritz Cookies the machine died after 16 cookies. I switched the batteries and it produced 2 more cookies , then died again. I finished the batch by rolling them out and using a cookie cutter. The Cookie Master Plus could use major inprovement. Don't waste your money. 
I'm new to bakery decorating and the tips work great! You can use them with pastry bags or even just regular plastic bags (if you cut open a corner for the tip). It is easy to clean with the brush and it is great that it comes with it's own box for easy storage. There are enough tips for simple decorating, still testing out all the different sizes and options 
The professional 5 qt. series has a wider bowl than the regular 5 quart. I was given no info. that it would not fit this model. I was dissapointed as I feel this attachment would be helpfu 
The way specifications were mentioned it sounded a good deal, and price comparision made it more real, but after getting the item I found that it's true: Low Price, Low Quality... Don't fall for this deal. I am disappointed 
if you want to buy this color buy anchor bakeware it is so good 
I have owned at least six other coffee pots and was never satisfied with home made coffee, so Dunkin Donuts was where I would head to on my way to work. I got this coffee pot and I buy Dunkin Donuts coffee and grind it with the Proline Kitchenaid Grinder and it is the best coffee I have ever had. Recently I had a kitchen remodel and the electrician showed up with his cup of coffee in hand from Dunkin Donuts. I asked him later in the day if he wanted a cup of coffee and he was hesitant stating he did not like coffee from home coffee pots. Well, I assured him he would love it. After having my coffee, for the rest of the week he never showed up with his own coffee, actually said, he preferred my coffee. After the job was over, he saw my sister a few weeks later and he mentioned how he missed the coffee I made. This is the best ever, perfect coffee every time and the perfect temperature. 
This is a dangerous steamer. Sometimes it will pour steaming water and burn you badly. definitely not recommended. I am throwing mine away 
I just bought this piece and tried it out. I love the size and no drip mouth..The color is beautiful and its so pretty on my buffet 
After reading the reviews here saying that the chemical smell mentioned by others was not a problem for them, I went ahead and ordered this rice cooker. After I received the cooker, I was a little disappointed to find that it was made in china, rather than japan, and that there were some very noticeable imperfections in the fit and finish. I made sure to remove the shipping paper under the pot, and wash the pot and lid thoroughly, but upon trying it out I was disappointed to find that my cooker did in fact emit an acrid chemical smell that filled my apartment. It was the kind of smell that you more feel in your nose than actually smell. The smell also flavored the rice, which was most noticeable after letting it cool and airing out the apartment. Aside from this problem, though, the rice, which was standard japanese style white short grain, came out perfectly. I returned this cooker and ordered the Panasonic SR-NA18, which should arrive tomorrow. I have compared a few rice cookers at my local asian store, and this Panasonic model seems better built than the newer (I believe) Panasonic SR-LA18, plus I believe it is made in Japan (I'll have to check when mine arrives). I also highly recommend the Zojirushi 10-cup "Neuro Fuzzy" model (NS-JCC18/NS-ZCC18). My parents have had one for several years and it works perfectly 
I love this shelf. I have two. You just take it out of the box and the shelves fall into place. No screwdrivers, nothing to assemble. Its fabulous. 
Its the perfect size pan and easy to clean. I've cooked Thai stayle Chicken Satay sticks and salmon on it and it makes those awesome grill lines. I love using this pan...its so much easier faster than using then firing up the outdoor grill. 
I bought this flatware in spite of the warnings about rust. Well, sure enough, rust started to form on the knives just after the first run through the dishwasher. The rust spots were small, but I returned the set anyways, as I am not willing to risk the severe rust problems reported by others. And just for the record, I did not use lemon detergent, and I only allowed the set to stay in the dishwasher a short while after the cycle completed. This set is at best a high maintenance proposition. Hand washing and drying is not for me! Its a shame, because the set really is beautiful 
Used this burner during a kitchen renovation. Doesn't heat very evenly for use with a skillet, but product is sufficient for boiling water for pasta and vegetables. Wish the base was heavier for stability 
It looks like a Krups -- what with the stainless steel look and the fancy electronics, but, as a rice cooker, it does not perform as expected. The rice is passable but certainly not the best we've had - our very old National rice cooker produced better rice. Also disappointing is the lack of a retractable electrical cord - winding the electrical cord around a chintzy metal cord holder (unstrategically located at the bottom of the cooker) gets old very quickly. Lastly, the fancy electronic display is not very informative when cooking rice. (It may be more helpful when using the appliance as a slow cooker - but we thought we were buying a rice cooker.) Bottom line: it looks like a Krups, does not perform like one, and, with all its good looks, is decidedly un-ergonomic in its design. A disappointment. If we could, we'd return it. 
This product was horrible. I ordered a queen size and expected a huge box to arrive carrying such. However, it was so small that a pair of shoes could have fit in it. When I took the featherbed out of the box, it was terribly thin. I currently have a featherbed and it is nice and fluffy. This item unfortunately felt as though I was simply lying on a blanket. 
Great blender! I use it daily to make smoothies and it never fails. Powerful motor purees frozen fruits great!! Simple--only two speeds. Easy clean-up 
The size is nice for 2 people. Cleaning is easy. Seems to be a defect in that the unit has to sit just right on the base or it will not go on and off by itself. You have to juggle it to be sure it is seated just right to get it to come back on after the oil is heated up and then you have to be real careful that it stays seated just right. 
I am so in love with my new machine. Many thanks to all the reviewers who made my long search for the perfect espresso machine become a reality. I received my machine really quickly and that's saying something for someone who loves immediate gratification. Speaking of gratification, I could not be happier with my choice of an automatic espresso machine. All the reviews are true. It's perfect, once you read the instructions or perhaps do as I did, get a walk-thru from the wonderful folks at DeLonghi customer support, you will be up and running in no time. You can see that the machine is solidly constructed and with proper care (read the instructions) will last a very long time. The espressos I've made so far are supreme, even my 14 year old loved a weak one I made for him; and it's so easy after set-up to use. It could not be any simpler. Who would not love this machine? There was one website that was charging $1200 for the same machine. I could not believe my eyes. The only review that troubled me was the one who said the frother was somehow not adequate due to it not swinging far enough away from the machine. I really could not see what he was talking about. It has plenty of room for any size cup but you have to remember if you are into the foam (it makes very creamy foam) it will increase the volume 2-3 times so you need a large enough container to froth the milk. But there was no awkwardness or problem at all with using the frother. They had me worried when I read that but the frother does its thing with total ease. Even a caveman could do it. You stick it in the milk and turn the switch and, voila!, it's frothed and container size is only an issue if you are trying to froth in something too small and can't accomodate the foam it creates. All in All, this is a top notch buy and a guilty pleasure for sure and nothing could be more gratifying then having merchandise that lives up to its promise. This machine delivers, I love it and so will you 
I bought this item on sale at Shopko, where it will be returned today. I froze the gel disk as instructed, bought all the ingredients listed in the recipe booklet for vanilla ice cream, cooled the ingredients after mixing as instructed. After 45 minutes of mixing I ended up with ice cream soup. You could let this thing run forever and never end up with ice cream that is set up enough to eat. I put it in a container in the freezer. The next morning I had an ice cream brick. Not to be deterred I microwaved it for 15 seconds until it was soft enough to actually remove with my metal ice cream scoop. This stuff gets harder than cement! After all this work the ice cream had a bad plastic-like aftertaste. I had to throw it all out. If this isn't enough to deter you keep in mind that the "heavy cream" called for in most of the recipes listed in the booklet costs a pretty hefty price. I paid $2.50 for the heavy cream listed to make 1.5 quarts of ice cream. That price doesn't even include the other ingredients listed. Buyer Beware 
The scale I received from Amazon looks the same as the picture for the "Soehnle Vera White Digital Food Scale" but it's a different model. The one I received uses the CR-2430 lithium battery, not four AAs as advertised. Also, the product manual is different. The actual manual's title is "67000 - 67007 g/oz," not "8122/8123 g/oz." On the bottom of the scale, there is a number similar to Soehnle's product numbers, 812215. But I could not find such a product anywhere. Fortunately, the maximum weight capacity of this scale is 5000g as advertised. It's actually about 5280g. The unit of measure is in 1g or 0.05oz increments. Weighing items with this scale is very easy. The LCD screen has large 0.5" numbers. It has a 2-minute auto shut-off switch, and a supposedly low-battery indication. Overall, this is a very good scale and I recommend it if you're willing to put up with purchasing a lithium battery once in a while 
This thing is a piece of junk! It's the only blender I've ever seen that comes with a "stir stick" to unclog the sides of the jar (where the stuff all goes instead of into the blades). This should have been a clue that the thing wasn't very well designed, and it wasn't. It ALWAYS needed to be stirred when making any kind of smoothie, several times, which made the process a real pain. Also, the drain spout is a great place for food to hide and get nasty. Except for the jar it's pretty cheap plastic. But it's in the trash now because the couleing fried itself after two months. Good riddance 
Enough said. DON'T PUT A FROZEN JAR ON THE BASE AND YOU WON'T HAVE TO REPLACE THE BLADE ASSEMBLY. I am sure the owners manual says that someplace. My Kitchen Aid became unusable because replacement blades were not available 16 months after I purchased it. Aren't you glad you could purchase the replacement part? My story: My son put his leftover smoothie into the freezer, jar and all. The next day when he took the jar out of the freezer and put it on the Kitchen Aid blender, the motor broke the blade assembly. The motor base was still good and I liked the blender. Kitchen Aid changed their model and didn't make replacement parts. I think it is unreasonable for a manufacturer to not have replacement parts available after just 16 months. (...)! I can't say enough good things about the quality and ease of use of my Cuisinart blender. The jar's shape helps the food move and mix better than a round jar. The jar's size is larger than any I have found. I pour from the corner of the jar if the mix is too thick to pour from the spout (which I concede is a little wide). The weight keeps the blender in place. The shipping weight is around 15 LBS is that too heavy? Maybe you should skip the smoothies and switch to a muscle building drink. Most every quality blender has weight to it. The plastic units are light and considered disposable. Keep buying those $30 disposable blenders if you want, however I'll keep my Cuisinart! The three year warranty and Cuisinart's backing keep us, the consumer, in parts when we do something stupid (like putting the frozen smoothie mix on the blender and breaking the blade assembly). (...) replacement blade assembly is cheaper than being FORCED to purchase a new blender (Kitchen Aid). Buy the Cuisinart a great value for a quality product. 
I immediately noticed the quality of this wok as soon as I took it out of the box. Very nice looking. Very easy to cook in. It's big and has large sides so it is very easy to stir the stir fry around without spilling it. The non stick surface works beautifully. Reattaching the wok to the base after cleaning is fairly easy although the wok never seems to lock 100% correctly into place without a little hassle. I'm not sure it really matters if it's not perfectly 100% aligned into the base anyway. Nevertheless, that's only a minor gripe. This wok makes stir fry easy and fun and makes the food taste really good. The included spatula was a nice gesture, too. The instructions say the wok can do a lot of other things too, like slow cooking, but I only use it for stir fry 
The only reason I bought this is because I visited my sister over the Holiday Season and she had one and I liked it. I liked it even more after I bought it. Nice toaster!! 
This monstrous beast is the largest piece of cookware that we own. Once I manage to wrangle it out from the cupboard and heft it onto the stove, it's many uses range from cooking chickens, small turkeys, and roasts to making potato leek soup. The beautiful thing is that it really retains heat and cooks items thoroughly and evenly. The downside is that it can take a while to heat up, especially since it should heat up on a med-low setting so as not to burn items and/or damage the porcelain. Learned this the hard way by turning up my soup to med-hi in order to get it boiling more quickly (doh!). Now that we know how to properly use this type of cookware, we are enjoying it much more! Another clever use of this piece is to incorporate it into your weight lifting routine (did I mention this thing is very VERY heavy?). Now that we have tried the largest, we have begun collecting some of the smaller pots and really enjoying them 
We love this machine, but it continually breaks down. The plastic parts are too brittle for the pressure that this pasta maker places on them. We have waited many times for parts, and we have waited too long on the service line needing help. Look for another machine that uses steel or metal parts that won't crack, chip or snap when making the machines pasta recipes. Best to you 
I have had this for 2years now and what a waste of money it has been. I have used this a few of times before I decided to toss them. This set was a disaster. The parer is dull period and the peeler peels off much more than just the skin, you lose almost 20%(no exaggeration) of the fruit or the vegetable 
This teapot was a good buy all in all. It's true about how the leaves container doesn't stay in a static position... this concerned me at first, but it hasn't been a problem. The tea press will slide down over time without leaves in the pot, I put it in the leaves container on an angle and this stops that from happening. I have never had a problem loosing heat to fast from this pot, contrary to previous reviews. Yeah, some things could be better quality... but considering the price I'd call it a good buy 
I used this press about 4-5 times during the 5 years I owned it. The cookie shapes came out well, but after a few uses, the plastic ring around the barrel cracked. This year that same plastic part broke entirely, making the press unusable-- a critical engineering materials defect. Like the other reviewer (Dec 2005), I too am now in the market for an all metal press 
I got this for Christmas over a year ago, and it still works great! I use it most every morning. The coffee quality isn't as good as my drip maker - no pod coffee maker can ever measure up to a drip maker - but it's very easy to brew just one cup and with no cleanup (except to remove the used pod!). I agree with the other reviewer that the Juan Valdez coffee pods come in excessive packaging (individually wrapped pods inside a cardboard box), plus my grocery store doesn't carry them. Any brand pod can be used with this coffee maker. I use whatever's cheapest, usually the Senseo Douwe Egberts. I buy either the dark roast or the vanilla flavored. I prefer strong coffee, but even the dark roast pods aren't strong enough for me. I wish I had the black-colored machine because the white shows every single coffee stain 
The unique design of this dinnerware line is lost in the low quality earthenware body. This low fired clay body breaks easily, is bulky to handle and is just plain disappointing. Before you buy, beware. What is the dinnerware made of? If the dinnerware is not high fire stoneware, porcelain or a china clay body, forget it. If you plan to use it then you are wasting your money. Someone should be ashamed 
I splurged and bought this product for my espressos in the morning. I bought the pint sized model for $35.00. (You use one charger each time you open the container up. So if you get the half pint size you will need to stock up on chargers.) I can't believe how long cream lasts in this thing. I had cream in it for almost two weeks and it was still fresh! The canned whip cream you buy in the store is too sweet for me, so I just put a little bit of Torino Caramel syrup in with the cream to flavor it. I use it when company comes over for coffee, pie, etc. Why didn't I buy one of these things sooner 
Box arrived damaged. Opened product, scratched on front, dirty on the inside. After I cleaned it up it worked great for a week then "poof". No power at all. Thought I may have ran it too much so I left it unplugged for 24 hours then plugged it back in and NOTHING. Additionally customer service for Edgestar is TERRIBLE. I have left 10 voicemails and sent approx 14 e-mails back and forth with their customer service (haha) reps and still have made zero progress. Buy with caution 
In my opinion this is the best kitchen timer out there! It has FOUR separate programmable digital timers that can count up and/or down - each with their own alarm sound. It also has a regular clock setting. Plus, you can either plop it on the fume hood using the magnet on the back of it, clip it to your apron using the clip or set it on the counter using it's support stand. Oh, and did I mention how small it is?...just another nice feature! So yeah, no more having to set the oven timer, the microwave timer and my watch timer in order to keep track of all the various foods cooking at the same time. Not only do I use this timer in the kitchen constantly I also use it for numerous other things too. It's the "Time Out" timer for the kids, a ten-minute reminder when I need to get us all out of the house...you name it! My Mother owns this same timer and is the one that originally introduced me to it, thank heavens! I can't imagine running a kitchen without this hard to find item. If you check out Bed, Bath Beyond you'll see they don't have anything with FOUR programmable timers. Long story short...if you purchase this timer I promise you will NOT be disappointed. 
I have never had a popcorn maker before and I LOVE it! I didn't think that it would be any different but its great! It so much healthier since there is no oil used. It is fast and not messy at all. Its cheaper in the long run to becasue a small amount goes a long way. You can buy a large jar of popcorn for about $5 and its makes ALOT! The only reason I gave it a 4 is becasue I vought this particular one due to the butter melter. Even when I use soft butter it does not melt all they way. I just melt it in the microwave while its popping. NOt a big deal though, I'd buy this maker again 
The Senseo delivers a good, hot cup of coffee in either single or double mode. It's easy to fill, easy to use, easy to clean, and accepts any suitably shaped coffee pod. The only mild annoyance is the rattly cup tray during the brew-pump operation 
I live in New York City where the temperatures and humidity are high. All this does is make your neck feel cold. I was still sweating after an hour! Try it if you want. The Sharper Image has a money back guarantee for 60 days. I dont know about Amazon 
I love the quality and softness of this product. The Sheet set fit perfectly on my bed. And the price is unbeatabl 
This one works great. I had a square krupps waffle maker before and this one is ten times better....cooks better, heats faster, looks better, and the audible ready alert is great. I saw this one on Good Eats on Food Network, and I am thrilled that I have this one....exactly what I wanted 
I have been using the coffee maker for over 3 months now, and I love it! I like that I can use either the caraffe or the travel mugs. 
Me being an avid coffee drinker I will have to say if you want a quick cup it does the job. For the money its cheap and provides a quick cup but you better have good coffee I used the pods and found it to be weak at time and sometimes you need a stronger cup I think more brewing is better. Sometimes was a bit messy water all over the place but maybe Im a bull in a china shop would recommend the item I spent more on starbucks in a week 
This is faster and safer than using a knife, with perfect results every time. Our favorite gadget this summer 
Look, the product plainly reads "Oster Blender Blade with Gasket" and the package that was delivered is titled "Processing Unit with Sealing Ring". The blade was in the package but there was no sealing ring/gasket to be found. I'm sure there is the possibility that I got the one defective package off the line but what kind of quality assurance is that?! I'm not telling anyone to buy or not buy this product but just be aware that you may have a problem. I now need to buy a whole separate gasket which maybe costs all of $1.50 and will pay shipping of probably $3. 
I had a Panasonic teflon coated iron before this. I didn't have any idea how much easier ironing could be - teflon is way overrated! Don't get me wrong, I still HATE ironing, but at least now its over a lot faster. Plus, the iron is always at the right temperature for whatever I'm ironing, and its easy to fill with water. The only thing I'd like is a retractable cord, but it isn't a real cause for complaint 
I had a Russel Hobbs electric kettle, made in the UK, which worked well for 3 years. When it finally died, I ordered one of these, based on the glowing reviews. It arrived new from Amazon not working. LF Port Jefferson, N 
The fan was great, with lots of breeze and circulation. It is loud, but who cared? The problem is that it only lasted for about 3 months before it just quit working, along with a little puff of smoke. Two weeks before the fatal puff, the fan arced, popped, sparked, and gave off a puff of smoke, but it still worked. Two weeks after that it sparked and puffed and has not turned on since. I live in Hawaii and it is currently in the rainy season. There has been a lot of humidity in the air during the last month, and I noticed that the back of the fan was actually getting rusty. I thought perhaps that moisture was the cause of the sparking so I was surprised to read in another review that the fan was good to use during heat and humidity! The fan was sitting in front of the living room window and it kept the whole small 2 bedroom house cool. We miss it, but I can't keep buying a new fan every 3 months! This is the first time ever that this has happened with a fan that I purchased. I have been living in Hawaii for 13 years and have been through a lot of fans. One of the best-lasting fans I had was a $10.00 Lasko box fan. It lasted and worked well for 7 years before it quit working 
I have always missed my old toastter of yesteryear....this is as close as it gets --with some good updates==I lever that pushes up the toast so you don't have to dig in---fantastic toast.... 
The battery is way below standard, extremely disappointing. It's cheaper to buy another machine than to replace it 
This egg slicer would seem to be a smart design since it will do slices and wedges. However, the wires consistently get snagged in the slots and break. Also, it does not accomodate jumbo eggs well. 
This is a very nice seafood set. The OXO brand is always something you can rely on. The only complaint I have about this set is that the cracker is a little bit on the heavy and clunky side 
I received the Delonghi deep fryer on Friday evening and had it at the post office on Monday morning. I did everything EXCEPT stand on my head to get it to make potato chips...smaller batches, larger batches, shorter cooking times, longer cooking times. What I did get, consistantly, resembled more a potato cake which was soggy in the middle. I bought a Waring Pro at William Sonoma for $40 more and had beautiful potatos Monday evening. Bottom line...Delonghi may be a bit cheaper and a tad easier to clean, but I want good tasting food 
These towels are soft and fluffy, but the towels are not absorbent. Just as other reviewers have stated, the towels don't absorb water, rather the water rests on the surface of the towels 
I bought a Haier RTC1700SS oven from Amazon about a month ago. I am still waiting for a replacement from Haier because the trays spit did not fit. I hope by this summer I will know what it's like to cook on a con- vection oven. I'll let you know if I ever get a chance to use the one I've already paid for 
My sister, my best friend and I bought these chairs for a 5 day outdoors concert series. These chairs were amazing. They managed to last through rain, mud, 80 per hour winds, and even a TORNADO! (They still look great) These chairs were so comfortable and so easy to adjust because of the beans, I would recommend them to everyone..and at their price, it's a HUGE DEAL! 
Lodge makes great products at a great price. This Dutch oven has been in constant use since we bought it in January -- potatoes, chops, stews, popcorn, whatever. It does it all. The nonstick surface works as advertised, the inside of the pot is easy to clean and the handle is industrial strength. Only complaint: The lid can be hard to clean because of its little spikes on the inside. Check out the great Sprite soda pop potato recipe they provide with the instructions 
Based on the other reviews posted, I purchased this board and am extremely pleased with it. It's nice and big for rolling out all kinds of doughs. You may have to make room in your cabinet to store it if you don't want it on your counter all the time, but it is worth the trouble. Also it washes up nicely 
I dont think it was as bad as the reviews imply. I've had mine about 6 months now and it still works fine, the only complaint I have is about the settings as one person said it can be the exact same on both sides and yet one side will "burn" and one be "underdone". I just adjusted these and turned them so they both cook whatever I'm making right, even though it is off by one number compared to the other side. So thats a fluke for sure which would make it worth buying one without any problems, but frankly I've yet to find such a toaster. Other then that I've had no problems with this one, I love the look and style of it as well it is so cute and practical other then the above problem. I would recommend this toaster but as I got it as a gift I probably wouldnt spend the $50 but would gladly pay $30 for it. I dont think you can really find a better toaster I've done the cheap kmart specials and frankly those dont last as long as this has without much worse problems or burning. 
I've used these type of units all the time until I got my own. It stopped sealing, and I haven't had a chance to use up the bags that came with it! When I called, they said it was probably the heat tape that went bad and they can't fix it. They offered to sell me a new one though! I have no idea where my receipt is (my fault). I have to have another one, so I'm going to buy the cheapest one so I don't feel so bad when I have to replace it in 6 months to a year 
I like this place setting color, but I have taken the advice of others and I use coffee filters between pieces for storage. It is a great place setting 
Tired of those metal cocktail shakers where the top refuses to open when you go to clean it? The vacuum that occurs with the metal variety has happened to us on every model we've tried. The Boston Cocktail Shaker does not have this problem. We had no difficulty whatsoever with a tight seal on the first try and have had no leakage problems. The only drawback (very minor) is that the measurement lines do not go all the way to the bottom of the glass. So if you're measuring out small quantities of liquor, you still need to use a jigger. Other than that, it is very easy to use and clean. Top rating for this bar helper 
The cooking set looks great. However, once you heat the pot/ pan, the steel material handles become super hot. I have to return the huge box 
I just received this knife yesterday am sending it back for a refund. Upon first use, the forked metal tip broke off when I was chopping tomatoes for a salad. It took me a few moments to notice the lost tip (as it had ended up in the salad I was preparing.) Could have been very dangerous to swallow a sharp metal tip! The knife itself is flimsy, can't imagine that it could cut a bagel very well 
"Warring" has a high reputation for being a powerful blender. I purchased because of its reputation. But it turned out to be actually not that powerful and may not be as powerful as the one I had before which only costed $30. So I asked myself why bothered to replace it when the new one, "Warring", in fact does not really break ice any better than the cheap ones. 
This little unit is very versatile, you can use it to steam anything 
Got this product by mistake from Chef's tools. Grinding mechanism is made of plastic and it does not grind pepper. Have the Black Magnum and is the best peppermill ever, (thats why we wanted a second one for the kitchen). Our black peppermill did not come from Chef's tools 
I had bought this vacuum because of the good reviews. I wanted a cordless vac to take care of the quick jobs -- not heavy cleaning -- but the primary job was to do to take care of daily kitty litter cleanup (rescued mother cat and 4 kittens). It does a good job for lint and hair but doesn't work on kitty litter. It spits it around or keeps in roller section. I thought I was using it wrong and tried it every way -- but it only picks up a small percentage of the kitty litter and rest is just blown around or drops out when it's turned off. I'm going to have to buy another cordless vaccum 
I splurged on this pan because I was tired of the wobble my cheaper pans developed on my smooth glass cooktop. This pan warped severely after only 4 months, not any better than pans a fraction of the cost. I plan on returning it for replacement, and will use the new one for low temperature sauces only 
I pretty much agree with ILikeAmazon's review below. This blender looks nice, sounds quiet and doesn't dance all over the kitchen when being used. The lid stays put and it's easy to clean. It also matches all my other small Kitchen Aid appliances. Like others though, I make a smoothie every morning and I've had to learn how to use this blender for that. First, it's helpful to let any frozen items sit for awhile in the blender (I load it as soon as I get water on for my coffee so it can sit until the last thing I do before leaving the house). If pushed for time, then I've found that putting the blender on pulse and constantly pulsing until the contents agitate on their own helps. The problem is that either the funnel shaped bottom and/or the blades being turned in several directions pushes the frozen mush above the funnel shaped bottom of the blender. Air enters the funnel shaped bottom and the mush calmly just sits above the blades. At this point, the blender can be stopped and the mush gently pushed back down into the funnel before restarting the blender. Kitchen Aid products (and their customer service) are superior. This blender is a nice addition to my kitchen. As ILikeAmazon said: "There are always tradeoffs." I do hope however that they improve on the smoothie making capabilities of this powerful, attractive blender. Then it will be a five star appliance. By the way: I like Amazon too! 
I love this bookcase. My only problem with it is that the bottom right side slat of wood arrived split (a bit), but it still fit together, so I kept it (excuse the rhymes, please). It's amazing that despite being somewhat broken it still holds 60 books, including some big heavy hardcovers, 20 DVDs, 3 DVD box sets, 12 videotapes, and a few pictures and knicknacks. And yet it takes up hardly any space in my tiny bedroom. Best part: the ease with which you can put it together. I have MS, so being able to put furniture together by myself is a very big deal. Highly recommended 
Very pleased to get this item - I need it for my "king-size" watrbed mattress, which has California King dimensions. Unable to find this size locally. This one fitted really well, had enough depth to stretch around the waterbed mattress. Quality seems good 
Well Im the newest victim of exploding pyrex. Last night I was cooking some salmon in my 3-quart pyrex that I've had for 3 years and used many times before. It was in my oven at 400 for only 25 minutes. I pulled it out and set it on the counter. Well I leaned in to check the salmon and as I pulled away the glass exploded! Not just broke but a full on explosion of glass flying everywhere. Thankfully I pulled away when I did because if I had pulled away 2 seconds later I would have had a face full of Pyrex shrapnel. I came away with only a few small cuts on my stomach...and from what I've heard I was lucky. Even though my boyfriend and I swept and vacumed our kitchen last night there was so much glass that in the morning light I could still see little pieces of glass all over the kitchen. Im not taking any chances, Im throwing out my other Pyrex dishes and switching to all aluminum trays. Please DO NOT USE PYREX! It is not worth the risk! You may have a few years of good use, but is it worth risking your safety or that of your children? Edit- I would just like to comment that I was using the dish within the guidelines. The oven was 400 and the dish was only in there for 25 minutes. The kitchen was rather warm and the surface I set it on was not hot but definately not cool...so there was no drastic temperature change. There were no scratches or cuts any where on the tray so I do not feel that the explosion was in anyway my fault. This explosion was purely the result of a poorly manufactured item 
I bought this for my mother-in-law at her request. She has arthritis and saw it on TV. She also wanted the free gripper that came with it. I scoured the listings at Amazon looking for one that included the gripper, even paid a little more for it. She used the can opener once and it broke. The "free" gripper required sending away for it and an inflated S fee 
I had tried a different ice cream maker that you had to freeze the bowl and returned it. It was too annoying to keep freezing the bowl and it took up too much space in my freezer. I love the cuisinaret Ice-50bc it makes great ice cream. The only negative is the noise and that's why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. It is extremely noisy so I pretty much have to leave the room when it's on. I do recommend the Ben and Jerry's ice cream book but wish they would revise it or do another one. See my review on it 
Beautiful to look at, BUT, I agree with other reviewers that buttons are difficult to operate and don't even work sometimes, plus be prepared to change batteries every few months--ridiculous for something that uses TWO lithium batteries and is not in heavy, or even everyday use 
I'm normally a fan of OXO products and own many of their gadgets. These measuring cups are the first problem product I've had from OXO...both the 2 cup and 4 cup sizes cracked on the bottom of the cup, right at the plastic injection point (that little circle with the tiny bump in the center of it), and they both now leak at the crack. These cracks developed very soon after I bought them, and I only ever washed them in on the top rack of the dishwasher. Because of the design of the cups, it's kinda annoying to wash them by hand - and they're not great for measuring dry ingredients for the same reason. So mine have gone into the garbage can, replaced by the KitchenAid cups of similar appearance (although without the handy interior measuring marks). My advice, keep your receipt if you buy these. Or skip them and get the KitchenAid, which have a non-slip rubber ring on the bottom, another nice feature. And they won't crack in the dishwasher 
This was an excellent item...for about 3 uses...then the mandoline would not hold to one thickness...it keeps opening up to maximum cut depth. MIU France says this is not their problem..."just buy a new one". With an attitude like that...and product failure so quickly.....yes, I will buy a different brand...and avoid MIU France product 
The tumbler that I have is sold in various places as the '360-degree Dribble-Proof Tumbler', I am not sure if that is the same as the JMT401 but on paper the specs and features are the same. It is not a good design for car use. On the plus side I like the no-handle design and it has a small base which should fit most cupholders. On the down side you need 2 hands to twist the lid open or closed. Also the 'dribble-proof' design means that the mug has a very deep lip, and even when it is full you have to tip it far up and into your field of view to get the liquid flowing 
These knives rock. I almost have every knife they make and I love them all. Especially the bread knife! The blue fish knife (how brilliant is that to color code knives?) is terrific and showed up just in time for making gravlox this weekend! Oh SO worth the money 
I have probably seen hundreds of tea kettles by now and still love the look of this one the best. Only problem is that they RUST!!! I had mine a few weeks when I noticed the rust spots on the interior. I don't imagine the enamel could have been chipped on the inside of the pot, so it must have happened simply because I leave water in my tea kettle at all times. The directions that come with this kettle say not to do so, but any serious tea drinker like me knows that's unrealistic. I threw mine out and am very disapointed that something that cost so much money didn't last long at all. I thought Le Creuset was supposed to be really high quality but I'm officially disillusioned thanks to this tea pot 
I bought this air cleaner in March of 03 and was pleased with the thing until it just stopped working in January 04. There was no indication that anything was amiss, I was changing the pre-filters on the recommended schedule and then one morning nothing; no lights, no sound, no activity. Am sending it back to Honeywell (on my nickel according to their warranty policy). We will see how long the replacement lasts. I have read several reviews here that don't give me much hope. Amazon was nice, said I needed to contact Honeywell directly but suggested I post a review 
I have never had any problems using this pan. The key is to use a recipe for French bread or baguettes, not just any bread recipe. I use a bread machine dough cycle to prepare the dough, because I'm just not talented at breadmaking. The French bread recipe in the machine's owner's manual worked fine, and so did a French bread recipe in a bread machine cookbook. I think other doughs are too soft and get into the holes, as other reviewers have noted. They didn't prepare the right kind of bread dough. I'm a whiz at using the bread machine dough cycle, then finishing baking rustic breads in a baguette or French bread pan. It's no fail! It makes me look like an expert bread baker. Trust me, I'm not...if I try making bread without the machine's help, I end up with bricks. LOL The Chicago Metallic baguette pan is easy to use and results in a crusty, chewy bread. Lovely 
I had never used a pizza stone but, thought they might be fun so, I put one on my registry. I made pizza on the stone using store bought dough and got rave reviews from friends. Would definately reccomend this to a friend! Just remember to let the stone heat thoroughly before using. 
We have been extremely pleased with our tri-ply set (we have the 8-pc. set plus a number of extra pieces we've picked up). They heat evenly; are durable; the (long) handles really do stay cool; and clean well. Our only complaint is that Calphalon doesn't seem to care about minimizing the number of lids necessary for their cookware. We own only one lid that fits more than one pot/pan (the one for the 10 in. pan, 3 qt. saute, 6 qt. stockpot)--and we have 4 other lids which fit only a single pot, some of which are within 1/2 in. of being the same width! However, we'd still get these pans again in a second, and probably go for the 13-piece set instead of the 8 piece as well 
We're a busy family of four. This product has so many more uses than our old toaster plus it cooks fast it's simple to use! This has been a great alternative to heating up the oven for a few pieces of cheese bread or a snack pizza. I was surprised at how evenly everything cooks. We've been very pleased with this product, in fact it has become an essential appliance. The only draw back is that it takes up more counter space however that con is overweighed by all the pros. I never thought I'd give up my old toaster, now I wish I'd done it ten years ago! 
Works very well. Only drawback it's large - but stands upright. Well worth the money and quit in the low speed. 
great kit however the book that comes with the kit needs some work. The photos in the book are NOT accurate with the descriptions. I recommend that if you need canning instructions or recipes you get a separate book 
This new pitcher is a an ideal size for smaller fridge plus not very heavy when full. Water tastes great 
I bought this product about a year ago and for a while it worked great. Then I noticed that the unit was starting to shut off faster and faster until today when I finally decieded to toss her. Overall in the beginning yes there is alot of power but what is the good of it when the battery's life is only about a year before she goes. I wouldnt recommend one especially since Dirt Devil came out with a cyclone one which I will try with hopefully longer lasting results. 
This product had the best reviews but the performance was not at all very good. I found it very awkward to roll the litter box. You still have to bend down and tip the litter box all the way over to get the clumps into the pull out tray. And that's the clumps that aren't stuck in the litter filter piece, which gets easily clogged and is not really something I want to deal with cleaning. Besides not all clumps going into the tray, lots of unused litter ended up in the tray as well. Also, I bought the 'regular' size one and the filter piece goes almost right in the middle of the space so the usable cat space was very small. Needless to say I returned the litter box and was so glad to have the old fashioned scoop litter box 
Amazon seems to experience a disproportionate number of "pricing errors". Whenever you attempt to purchase anything at Amazon that represents a 50% or higher discount, don't expect to receive it. Poor business practices 
We have had this toaster for approximately 3 yrs. It has had mimimal use as we vacation away from home in the winter ( 4 months at least). There are just two people using this toaster and on an average only use it twice a week. The toaster is a part time toaster, sometimes it will toast both sides sometimes not. It has now become a total pain as the mechanism to hold the bread down has stopped working. I thought that a Cuisinart would last for ever. I owned a very cheap toaster for over 35 years, gave it to my sons to use in college. That toaster still functions properly but is small and a 2 slicer. It will come out of the attic until we can find a better company than Cuisinart with a better product 
I never got to use this item. I turned it on and for some reason the heat seemed transfered to the screws in the hinge. It just fell apart and started smoking. The hinge was very cheaply made. I would not buy this product again. 
I've been a German knife snob for years. But this 8-inch chef's knife by Japan's Global is the finest blade I've ever owned. Period. Maybe it's not as easy to sharpen as a Wustof or a Henckel, but then again, it holds its edge ten times longer. I've spent ten years and hundreds (and hundreds and hundreds!) of dollars collecting German steel. Global is so good that it has me thinking of starting all over again 
It's excellent if you already have a good foodsaver. They are thick and good quality bags. It works really well and does keep food fresh. Only good for small and dry foods though, but they are reuseble to a certain point 
I got a set of four of these same steak knives for Christmas 2004, and they've been excellent. They've seen constant use and are still razor-sharp. It's been a real revelation to me: So this is what good kitchen knives are like, and this is why they cost more than the lightweight stuff! I've never had a genuinely good chef's knife, paring knife, etc. But when I'm ready to get a serious set, I know exactly what brand I'll buy 
Not much you would need a food processor for after you buy this (ok, it can't blend ingredients 
These are extremely well-designed and will be the hit of your party! I have used these twice at small gatherings and each person who had a martini commented about how great they were and asked where I bought them. They are easy to clean and easy to store. I highly recommend them. Just be sure that your guests do not walk off with them, or even worse toss them in the trash when they are done with their drink. 
I cook for a family of 5. I make a lot of mashed potatoes that need whipping. I have gone through my share of hand mixers. So far I don't have any complaints about this hamilton beach model. It is powerful enough to whip up the potatoes. It comes with a case that fits right onto the bottom of the mixer that holds the cord and the beaters. This is wonderful since I no longer have to search through the drawers looking for the beaters. Over all a wonderful mixer for the money if your just looking for a normal household hand mixer 
My Salter 1001 scale started having problems within 3 months and broke within 10 months. I am sending the scale back to Saltier for replacement. A good scale while it worked, but what pain this has become 
Best iron I ever owned. I read the reviews before purchasing and was not disappointed. No one likes to iron, but this one makes it a little easier 
This product will not work with home vacuum sealers that use a textured bag. This is a thin plastic sheet on a roll. You have to cut, fold and seal the sides of the plastic sheet. 
I had bought the larger set in BLUE and ordered these pans in BLUE as well. Thinking that they would match the pieces I already owned, I was quite disappointed when I received BLACK instead of the BLUE I ordered. I returned them and Amazon replaced them with another set of BLACK pans. I decided to keep them but am quite upset, with my only alternative being to return them for credit. Keep in mind that these are NOT the heavy Stainless Steel, but the lighter weight ALUMINUM. You will NOT be able to mistreat these pans by turning the flame up on full. To do so will cause the pans to warp. The advantage to these pans is that they are LIGHTWEIGHT and easy to handle. I definitely recommend them. As with all TEFLON coated pans, be sure to use the PLASTIC utensils and NEVER use any metal spoons or turners or you will ruin the Teflon surface. With a little care these will last for years! TIP: If you're having trouble with the bottom of your pots and pans getting a scorched or burnt look, it's from GREASE. When you wash your pans, make sure all the grease is cleaned off of the outside bottom of the pans 
This pan is a pure junk. There are already a couple of reviews and the people recognize that this is NOT a non-stick surface. This is true to the very end, I mean everything sticks like hell. So, if it sticks, why not buy a stainless steel pan instead. All this polymer invention is complete b**ls**t !!! It doesn't do anything ! I am returning this and I'll get a 1 yr-lasting nonstick calphalon from amazon. 
It spins on the counter and the juice always slips out of the cup! DO NOT buy this piece of junk!!!!! don't waste your money on this. 
I received this cleaver as graduation present when I finished Culinary School and I have been thankful ever since. This is a really nice looking cleaver. The handle is excellent. It looks great feels just right in my hand. It has a good weight to it so that I am able to cut through bones and large pieces of meat with no trouble at all. And with a name like Henckels you cannot go wrong 
Bought the Machine, and got the correct flour. Made up the dough, and that was a success. Followed the instructions, used the vice to hold the machine to the table, then started off by cleaning the machine with a small piece of dough to get rid of machine oil. All that worked well. Then I started to make pasta. Making the sheets was fine, but as soon as I cut them into noodles it all went wrong. They started to stick together. My wife and I ended up having to work together, flouring the noodles as they came out of the machine to stop them sticking. But the pasta was delicious. I guess it just takes a bit of practice. In future I will leave the dough longer in the fridge to "rest" before rolling it, and have a mini-production line ready to catch and flour the cut noodles. The machine works great, I have no problems with it. It is cheap, it may fall apart, but for this price who really cares? I can't wait to try making my own pasta tricolore. And I want to try lasagne, ravioli and canneloni. That way we can freeze our own pasta for easy re-heating. Healthy TV dinners here we come 
I own both the 1-cup and 2-cup and recommend you buy both for measuring liquids. If you don't want to buy both, just buy the 2-cup, as it's more versatile. I have other measuring cups, but these are the ones I reach for over and over. Very convenient - no bending - I love it! Ingenious! My only criticism - and it's very minor - is that the design of the handle makes it wobble slightly rather than sitting firmly on a flat surface. If they correct this minor design flaw, it would get five stars 
Honestly... I do not, for the likes of me, understand why anyone would give this cookware a bad review. It appears that those who have, either can't read or didn't bother. We have had our set of Calphalon Contemporary Nonstick for several months, and everyone in the family (mom, dad, two teenage sons) uses them. We use and wash them as directed. Also, we don't use any of the "Pam" type sprays. So far they still look great and the foods cooked in them are delicious 
I purchased a 14-cup Cuisinart some years ago. I have had nothing but trouble. First the handle stuck while I was kneading dough and I barely was able to pry it off. Then I had problems with the stem. When I tried to get a new one from customer service they told me that they were no longer servicing my older model and suggested I buy a new Cuisinart! Stay away from Cuisinart! I'm looking into Kitchen Aid for my new processor 
You can depend upon pyrex to give you a great product. Use this cup for measuring all the time 
As Shannon says, Kitchenaid mixer bowl covers are terrific for storing food and attachments. But be warned: these particular covers may not fit your mixer bowl! I purchased a new Artisan mixer ordered these to go along with it, but they are too small. They do not fit the Artisan or KSM90 mixer bowls. Models they fit are KBC5N, K5SS, KSM5 only 
I bought this set and was very pleased until the grater just snapped at the handle. This implies that there is a support problem with the manufacturers design 
I love the design, and it makes great cake. Everything is evenly browned. Thanks NordicWare 
Cooks evenly as all get out, cleans up fine in the dishwasher, and the non-stick coating seems to work just fine, but the thing weighs more than my Grandpa's old blue Buick! It does have the extra little handle on the far side to make it easier to pick up with two hands, so it is manageable. But it is heavy. And the handle gets HOT. So, if you want a great pan and are willing to put up with the weight, hot handle, pick one up when it's on sale and you'l be a happy cook 
After using this product twice I was extremly disapointed. The drip tray does not catch all the dripping from frying bacon. The grease ends up all over the counter and melting the base unit that the drip tray fits in. You would think Wolfgang Puck would try this product under all conditions to make sure it is enginered corectly. My counters are level so this is not an issue. I am a dissatisfied customer. 
I am a major fan of "Le Creuset" pots and have a number of them but I must say that their kettle is not up to par. Like the other lady said, it does spit out water (substantially at that) when it boils on the stove. I am finally throwing mine out to the garbage since I have had it for a while and the coating at the inside bottom of the kettle is coming apart and I have been boiling "contaminated" water since a while...I just noticed one day that there was this stuff floating on top of the water....I wonder what kind of chemicals I have been putting in my body??? 
The rating I give this item relates to the lack of value. In a few more clicks, you can buy a service-for-eight of white corelle for less than what three of these dinner plates will cost you. That said, I have owned my Corelle (two services-for-four) for more than twenty-five years, using it regularly. All dishes are intact, they are light and stack nicely, and maybe I'm just not enough of a snob but I don't know why anyone would need any other dishes 
I have had this product for about 2 years. When we first got it, it worked great--lasted about 10 min. at a time. Now, we're lucky to get the floor cleaned up under the table before it starts to wear down. Also, the clip which holds it to the base just broke, and I see that I am not the first person to experience this problem. I don't see anywhere to buy a replacement base, at this time, so I may end up just throwing the whole thing away 
At first it looked like it was going to work great (when the litter was clean). After a day or so, it wasn't cleaning very well. I got better litter and it started working better, but still not great. Litter gets in the crevices and gets stuck to the rake. After about two weeks of use, the rake stopped moving backwards. I tried to fix it, but it just won't go in reverse. Overall, this was a big waste of time and money. I'm not even going to try to get another one. A good old fashioned litter box with good clumping litter is less work than trying to get this thing to work properly while keeping it clean. It's too bad as it had a promising beginning. DO NOT BUY 
Have had this for several weeks. Almost stopped using my stove. Being a bachelor, somewhere I forgot how much better food tastes broiled or on the spit. Have done whole chickens a couple of times, really moist and tender. This is easy to use, and it is a good looking unit. Cooking times are consistent. No problems so far. I have not found the fan to be noisy, perhaps that individual just has a bad unit. My folks sent me some of those big elastic bands to use when you are using the spit. Those work well too 
True, these sheets do get rather wrinkled in the wash, however, that isn't my concern....... The description states that these sheets will fit a mattress up to 14 inches thick. My pillowtop mattress is about 11 inches thick and these sheets don't fit! I washed them in cold water and used the lowest dryer setting. What a pain 
I knew what I was buying, so there weren't any surprises. The only thing I do not like about them is the shallowness; I wanted that feature for storage, but I didn't take into account how easy it is to be messy when mixing. I would suggest having another bowl around for use with an electric mixer. I like them, and I would buy them again.. 
This spatula makes frosting simple to complex cakes very easy. Works well with many different icings 
I was dissapointed that this item arrived broken and I needed to send it back for a refund 
I suppose this will actually peel garlic, if you use it just right. Never, ever, ever get it wet. It will not work. Also, you must trim off both ends of the garlic, or it won't peel. And then, I still have to hand peel some of the more stubborn pieces. It's just not worth the money. If you look around, you can find much cheaper garlic peelers out there.....BUY THEM! 
Everything about this set is well done. The packaging and the size of the plates. 
I adore my Emile Henry pie dish. It was my first piece of Emile Henry and worth every cent. The dish is beautiful and durable. It cleans up nicely, you don't have to worry about scratching and sticking is not a problem. I baked stuffed sole in it tonight and the results were wonderful. Evenly cooked, no sticking, no burning. For special occasion pies it is a huge asset. Bringing a homemade apple pie to the table in a classic dish definitely ups the WOW factor. In addition to the presentation value it bakes like a dream. Crisp, even, golden crusts and bubbly filling. Its also great with egg dishes like quiche that require very even heating for best results. Even if you are only the occasional baker you won't result splurging on an heirloom pie dish. 
We had had this oven for a couple months when the door would no longer stay shut. I tried jamming a wooden spoon against it to hold it shut while cooking, but found this sort of absurd. So I called Cuisinart for warranty service. They said they'd replace my oven with a new one, but I had to pay to ship the oven to their warehouse in NJ and it would take a few weeks. In the meantime my husband found a set of little magnets at our local craft store, and fixed the problem! So I wasn't going to ship the oven to NJ - until a replacement oven arrived...before I even sent the first one out. Hmmmm. Anyway, we're enjoying this toaster oven very much and use it practically every day. It is slower than a regular toaster, but cooks four pieces of toast/waffles all at once, so I figure its a fair trade. It does a nice job with open-faced sandwiches or chicken nuggets for the kids on the broiler pan, without having to heat up our full-sized oven. A practical choice especially for families with kids 
I really like this set. The blue is very pretty and the tools are all very high quality 
When I ordered this saucepan, I didn't realize how high the quality would be. When I opened the box and first lifted the saucepan, I was immediately impressed with the weight and quality. Each time that I use this pan to heat up foods, I am constantly surprised at how much less time it takes for those foods to cook. Water boils very quickly. Lastly, the engraved measuring lines for liquids are extremely helpful. All in all, the best saucepan that I've owned 
good size, good color but way too stiff .I washed these 5 TIMES with no change 
I have had these pans for five years now and I use them almost every night. I have never had any problems with them and they cook the food very evenly. I would highly recommend them. 
Have been wanting to get the pasta roller attachment and ran accross this plastic pasta maker at the store. Was really excited since it was in my price range. Took it home and tried to use it. My KitchenAid mixer starting smoking and so I let it rest for the hour. Upon removing the attachment I found oil and black rubber or grease was all over the inside of the attachment. (on the coil thing that pushes the dough through) Next time I wanted to use my mixer to beat egg whites it had no power. I sure hope this inexpensive attachment didn't ruin my wonderful mixer. Highly disappointed with KitchenAid on this attachment 
So far our food processor has been great. We bought it to make our own baby food, and since then we have used it to make many other things as well. I'm very happy with it 
This stunning slice of kitchen couture is undoubtedly a tactile and aesthetic dream - built with quality materials like real metal (not silvery plastic), and sporting a sophisticated, drop-dead gorgeous retro appeal. It looks equally as impressive in the hippest New York loft kitchens as it does on the shelves of Williams-Sonoma. However, as is the case when function follows form, this is a horrible blender. Don't get me wrong - I'm more than willing to forgive a modicum of piss-poor functionality if the design is attractive enough to render the former irrelevant. But quite frankly, this blender is beyond bad. Most unfortunate is the blender's propensity to splash everywhere - even when the user deliberately reinforces the lid onto the jar by hand. It seems to make little difference how much or what type of liquid one is mixing; it inevitably overflows with explosive fervor. I suspect that the unit's quasi-industrial motor may be a contributing factor; it only supports two speeds: off, and jet-cyclonic. While I admit that the minimalist toggle switch is profoundly chic in its own right, the consequences of omitting ramp-up speeds are overbearing, consistently messy, predictably inconvenient, and potentially dangerous (as liquid tends to flow liberally into the motor housing). The irregular cloverleaf shaped jar also seems to play a role in splattering liquids upward; and the blender's poorly-sealed lid does little to stop it from overflowing in dramatic fashion. In fact, this blender splashes so profusely that it's nearly unusable. It's too bad, because superficially, this blender really is quite the objet d'art. But when it comes to meeting the minimum requirements for acceptable performance, it has a long way to go - even in comparison to a $29 Oster. If I had to summarize this blender as accurately, succinctly, and fairly as possible, I'd distill it down to one word - "regrettable." 
Great idea, horrible execution. Disgusting to clean, rake gets clogged. There are much better options. Litter Robot is well worth the extra cost 
Yes, it is pretty. No, it is not a good teapot. I have made tea for over 40 years, in all sorts of pots, and this is right up there with the worst. It drips A LOT! Perhaps those who think it does not drip were just looking at the spout. And no, it does not drip from the spout. Rather, lots of tea runs down the underside of the spout and ends in a big puddle under the pot. This happens with both fast and slow pouring, with full and near empty pots. This teapot will most likely have to become a pretty red flowerpot. Just too much mopping up 
As this is a consumable food product, I'd like to know what each color is made of. ??????????? 
After my pregnancy, I was diagnosed with severe cat and dust allergies. I had two cats at the time. And dust? Well, alot of that. I cannot believe how well this vacuum works. I no longer have hives and haven't had any allergic reactions since purchasing this. Worth every penny 
I bought this box about 4 months ago and stopped using it about 2 months ago. It turned out to be more work than just a regular box. At least you can wash out a regular box and start over clean. Good luck with completely cleaning all the poo crumbs from the sliding track and cheap gears. It gets to be a disgusting affair, more than with a regular box. As other reviews said the rake only goes over the top half of the litter so there's tons of sticky cement left at the bottom which you have to manually scrape out. It was often unable to push the clumps into the bin. So it would just very noisily push until it got stuck, back up, and then start over again like 10 times in a row. When it does get clumps into the bin, it also pushes tons of litter through the crack between the bin and the box and then you're left with a huge pile of litter underneath the box. To clean it, you have to take it apart. The top part houses a computer so you can't soak it which means there's poo always stuck in the crevices. Ever see Office Space? At the end of two months I was ready to bring this thing out in a field and bash it with a sledgehammer. Now we're looking for another box. Currently, we are just using the plastic box from the littermaid without the rake, etc. This is my worst investment to date. 
To prevent scratches and chipping and to retain Fiesta's smooth glossy surface, hand wash separately, one piece at a time, in a soft rubber dishpan and stack between paperplates (cups between coffee filters). I do this with all my stoneware and pieces 30 years old still look like new. A friend gave me all her brown dripware (Gourmet) from 1969 and the place settings are scratched, pitted and dull from stacking and years of automatic dishwashing. Mine from the same era are still glossy, mostly scratch free, and certainly not pitted. Also, I don't put my original pieces in my microwave, (only hers) because although it may be safe to do so, this can dull a glossy finish. Re Fiestaware, I remember seeing relatives and neighbors Fiesta cups plates with chips and always thought them very unattractive and "cheap"- looking, perhaps because of the dull rose, gray, and avacado colors at the time. However,I find most of the colors presently available very bright and pretty and,so far, have bought Heather,Seamist, Scarlett, Tangerine, Turquoise, and yellow. Cobalt, Cinnebar, and Plum are just too dark and dreary for me. In the store, they are much darker than they look on here. In a library book on fiestaware, they show an earlier cobalt or deep blue color that is very pretty and a real plum color (like the fruit) would be bright/pretty, too. 
I have been very happy with this cookware. It is very well made, heavy and sturdy. This is the most expensive set I have ever bought, and the difference is stunning. The pans heat very quickly and get much hotter than my old pans. I have had to change my cooking style to accommodate the better pans. I like being able to put them in the oven and not worrying about caring for a (possibly) toxic non-stick coating. Well worth the money 
This is a great shredder. Absolutly the best out there. It is a lousy slicer. Take the bad with the good I guess. My wife and I shred lots of cheese because pre-shredded cheese has chemicals added that change the taste and chemical properties of the cheese. This attachment works wonderfully for cheese. A note on disassembly. Some people have difficulty getting the cone off the plug (if you own one you know what I'm talking about). The very easy way to remedy this is to remove the cone from the plug before removing the plug from the machine. If you follow this one rule you will have very easy setup and take down. 
Wish I had seen the reviews before purchasing this insane appliance. Nothing "slow" about it-- burns everything, even on the Keep Warm setting. Best you can get out of it is 4 hours before you absolutely have to return home and shut it off. If not, your evening meal is small burnt pieces of food welded to the bottom of the pot. I swear, this thing is possessed! My old Rival Crock Pot was the best appliance I ever purchased, this one is the WORST! 
I purchesed this product not too long ago and whoever disigned it should take a look at the silverware basket. They sould come up with a better way to drain the silverware because the silverware basket hangs over the counter in every position I tried. Needless to say, I took it back because the basket would have drained my silverware all over my counter and not in the drain board. I think its a nice dish rack but the basket has to be redisigned to drain in the drain board and not over the counter. Looks are very decieving, in the picture it looks like the basket is over the drain board but its not. I hope this helps others before they decide to buy this product 
There are only two mixers on the shaft. As a result it is very difficult to mix the ice cream into a thick milk shake 
The feature's on this machine are what drew me to choose Krups Espresso Maker. The pump instead of the pressure machines was the first draw. The water tank and its size, not having to fill it every day. The fact that the frothing nozzle moved and the location of it. And nobody makes a frothier frother than Krups makes. I love the lattes and I use a large stainless steel milk steaming pitcher. You can make two cups at once. I use it daily and sometimes more than once a day! It makes a great espresso with beautiful crema. I have not had any problems with this machine.Clean after every use. I can't stress this enough and it only takes a minute to wipe the brew area. And do the internal cleaning with solution often or you will get the slow drips of espresso when brewing because of deposit build ups. Follow cleaning instructions! I highly recommend this one! Enjoy 
This pan is very easy to clean. However, the small base won't sit stably on my gas range. I keep a hand on the handle and pay attention to how it sits on the range to overcome the problem 
Was thrilled to find pieces to replace ones mistakenly thrown out, rather than have to buy another blender. The only drawback is the cover is white and my blender is black 
I bought two sets of these about 4 months ago. After the first time in the dishwasher I noticed little tarnish/rusty looking spots. They rubbed off fairly easily, but as time has gone by, they are looking very bad. Tonight while eating, I got a sliver in my finger from the fork! I have NEVER had a piece of flatware peel. I'm going back to my old flatware. Sure glad I saved it! DON'T BUY THIS JUNK 
This is a great saucepan!!! Lightweight, easy to clean, we love the straining lid! We got the red one. Totally worth buying! Thanx 
I have tried and tried but the thing just makes weak coffee. I don't know how many different pods I have tried but the thing just can't make a strong cup. I have tried 2 pods - I have even tried making my own pods. If you try to jam too much coffee in it, it leaks and will try to pop it's head off. I have not done the proper "priming" that folks have mentioned and I also have detected a bit of a metalic flavor so that may be associated with my lack of effort. Am going to try to return it because it is just too expensive to make a wimpy cupa joe 
This sturdy nylon whisk, like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line, is a great value of superior quality, unsurpassed durability, and flawless performance. Its ergonomic design, hefty body, and big, pressure-absorbing, non-slip grip, complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers, are the reasons why you'll prefer this product to the more traditional models, as they will allow you comfortable, daily, wet or dry use while keeping you away from any stress-related injuries. Its elegant, stylized shape fits seamlessly with the rest of the OXO Good Grips collection and is designed to the let flow the most air into your creams, meringues, custards and frostings for fluffier, even results. This is also a great tool for whisking directly into the saucepan on the stove, since its non-abrasive nylon materials are safe to use on non-stick cookware and are heat-resistant up to 400 Fahrenheit. Moreover, it comes with an oversized hole at the tip of the handle for easy hanging, and its easy-to-clean, simple construction and dishwasher-safe, hardwearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years. After submitting this product to over three years of normal, everyday use, mine is still just like new. --Reviewed by Maritza Volma 
I purchased this product in a retail store. The packaging clearly states it is dishwasher safe. Then after you unpack it, and read that if you put it in the dishwasher you void the ten year warranty! Do not make the same mistake I did, avoid this product 
Product lived up to its listed features. The person who received it as a gift was thrilled with it. Thank you 
We've had this coffee pot for about 3 months and absolutely love it. Once you learn how everything sits correctly you can have great coffee all the time. It's great having the coffee already in the pot. We get about 4 pots of coffee from what is stored. The only thing I would have liked better was a 12-cup coffee pot. I sometimes find after we have our coffee in the morning and with my husband taking a thermos has me sometimes having to make another pot. It's no big deal though because it's so easy. You'll love it. 
I really like OXO products. I have a number of their utensils in my kitchen and I enjoy that they have nice big handles. Since I started getting gadgets for my kitchen I always wanted these measuring cups. Well I finally got them. I was very excited to use them for the first time. Well I went to scoop some brown sugar and the handle started bending. I was very disappointed in how flimsy the handles are. I think I'll stick to my plastic ones from OXO, I had better luck with them 
I should have listened to the other reviews! Point 1. This machine is not only just "noisy", it CONTINUES to be loud, intermittently! Picture this: You are sipping your hot drink while reading the newspaper, relaxed, the house quiet, when like a knife cutting the silence, a loud grinding sound flies from the kitchen, your dog starts howling barking, you jump and relaxation is out the window! It "recycles" as long as you leave it on. Point 2. It took me TWO cycles (20 minutes) before the stuff was hot enough for me. I like beverages to be as hot as coffee. Point 3. Take out your best scrubber roll up your sleeves!! For every use, you have to scrub the thick coating off the bottom of the non-immersable pitcher PLUS totally take apart the spout, clean it put it back together (it has 5 parts). Hope you have time for this! Point 4. Froth? What froth? That's froth?? Stirring my drink with a spoon makes it look like that. Final analysis: I can make the same thing in the microwave with less cleanup 
I was given this coffee maker for a birthday gift a couple of years ago and after I figured out how to make it work, loved it. After a while the latch on the top broke off and I had to hold the top down while it was grinding the coffee. That made the timer on it useless unless you propped something against it to hold the top down. It was a little inconvenient but I got use to it. Then the metal filter broke and I decided to get a new one. Luckily I put the old one in the garage for "spare parts" because not long after I started using the new one the side tab broke off and I had to grab a replacement off the old one. I will probably not purchase this brand again 
This is the WORST vacumm cleaner I have ever had! It has continually broken down since I bought it and is now again dead. It's only 1 1/2 years old! While under warranty (the first year), I went through 5 belts, a roller brush, and the motor burned out. It is no longer under warranty, and of course, it broke down again. It smokes like it's on fire, and I believe that it's the roller brush *again*. Now mind you, my house is only 1600 sq ft, and half of that space is wood flooring, so I don't have an excessive amount of carpet. Nor do I vacuum excessively. Maybe once a week. I complained to Hoover and they basically told me "too bad". And it's not like it's an inexpensive vacuum at $289! I will never again buy a Hoover product 
This is a great set of dinnerware!! After 25 years, my husband and I decided to bring some color into our lives by replacing our wedding gift white Corelle with festive FiestaWare. How lovely to open the cabinets and see color!!! We've mixed colors and have an eight piece display of color. FiestaWare is not only beautiful, but durable. And it can be put in the dishwasher, microwave, oven and freezer!!! It may cost a bit more than some of the trendy stuff available, but it's adaptability to all uses makes it a fabulous value!!! If you are at all tempted by it --- BUY IT!!!! You will LOVE it! Put some color in your life 
Its amazing how much dirt this little baby sucked off our couch and upholstry. The ability to make the suction head vertical is quite helpful. The vaccum cleaner is a bit on the heavy side though - if it had been a little lighter, I would have given it 5 stars 
I love the function of these glasses. We were given some of these Bodum double wall glasses and immediately saw the quality difference. They will not sweat, they will keep your cold stuff cold, etc. I have two down-sides... These must be handled gently, they are not that thick or hearty. Until we realized what was going on, we cracked two by having our refigerator ice dispensor throw cubes into them, cracking them. Plus I yanked the dishwasher open fast, knocking one over into something solid, and it broke. But overall, if you handle them with a bit of care, they are really neat glasses 
The Diadem cooking set roughly meets the WMF criteria, though there are slight imperfections on the metal and the top. The products are made im China. At first I thought something was wrong, then I looked at the WMF site and indeed they have a factury in China, so they must be genuine, however, I think Amazon should clearly state if they are made in China or Germany, I ordered another WMF kettle last week, made in Germany and I think there is a differenc 
The Zyliss ice cream scoop cuts through the hardest ice cream, which means I no longer have to wait for hubby to get home to have a scoop! 
The canister size and shape is very suitable; it properly sized to store easily all of our cold cuts. The part that I do not like is the time it takes to pull the vacuum. It seems that the sides handle are not design to pre-load the cover so will seal the gasket. Design could be improve 
This was a simple and easy to use product. I didn't even have to read the directions on how to remove the blades. The only downfall is that you can't use very big vegetables. I use it to make home made french fries. I had to cut the potato in order for it to fit in the cutter. Aside from that it's a great product 
I thought I was getting a good deal with this deep fat fryer but the quality was really poor. I used the fryer only once because the lid did not seal properly and I ended up with oil water from condensation dripping down the side. I returned the product and received a full refund. The safety plug was hard to use and the basket size is too small for more than two people 
This was my first 'nice' knife when I was taken in by the Santoku craze, and it was certainly a decent choice. The knife is sharp out of the box, reasonably well balanced, and has pretty good fit/finish. For the type of person who only buys things like veggies and boneless/skinless chicken, etc., that are largely prepared, this knife will probably fit the bill and allow you finish up small amounts of prep work. The real drawback is the length. When you live in the South, you see vidalia onions that are 7" in diameter. This knife is a bit small to tackle the large veggies. And don't even think about getting it near hard melons or bone-in meats. Since I got this knife, I've expanded my collection quite a bit, even adding some real Japanese steel. But this little blade keeps a spot on my magnetic strip, where it comes out for small tasks or when my wife can't get me to relinquish the big blade. For most cooks, who need a real omni-tasker knife, I would look for a 9-10" chef's knife rather than this. 
I was excited when I got the set, however after a few cuts/uses the knives are dull and the santoku has rust on the sharp end of the blade. For a warranty claim I have to pre pay postage to get a replacement. Not recommended at all! I'm surprised at the low quality with this brand 
This is great. I use it to grind flax seed. It works well and is fairly easy to clean. The cord winds up into itself, which is very nice, to keep it out of the way when storing it 
I returned this the day it arrived. I heated the obligatory 4 cups of water as per instructions. Left the room and came back in 20 minutes. The warning light was not lit. I moved the crock to the side to see if I had not properly plugged it in since the light was out. I brushed my hand against the exterior lip and received a first degree burn. Farberwear company customer service said "the light is a little dim" but you should be able to see it. Yes, you can see it if you look up from below the crockpot you will see a faint glow. The crock pot sits very loosely in its container leaving a large gap between the food container and the heater housing.Heat escapes through these gaps which accounts for the overheated exterior. I would advise those with kids, especially, to find another slow cooker 
I didn't have a bundt pan, and I found this one when I went in search of one. I'm so glad!!! I've only had it a week, but have used it 4 times!! Has a very unique shape 
The previous reviewer was correct. This item does not have the pump and hose for using it without a garden hose. I was easily able to order these parts and the clip to hold the pump from the Coleman website. Just look at the hot water on demand there and open the replacement parts link. Other then that it is still cheaper then Coleman and works very well. This will work great in our off the grid camping adventures. 
We bought this sweeper instead of the Dyson, because con. report had it rated higher. We paid a lot less and we are very happy with this product 
I have used different brands of Blenders and Food Processors from various manufacturers in the past, but beleive me or not, this Blender/Food Processor is really the one I am looking for. It has a powerful motor that can easily break ice, plus the Blender jar is made of really thick, unbreakable material, unlike many other Glass Blender jars. One other feature I like about this combo is its wave action technology, which can continuously pull down the mixture in it and this system really works. The Food processor is large enough to chop/mix fruits and vegetables, and above all it saves a lots of space in my kitchen. I have read a lots of bad reviews from many people about other Combos like this, but I don't know what these people are exactly trying to do with a Blender/Food Processor. 
What I most like about this product is the crumb catcher feature. Unfortunately, I have a problem with the acrylic piece at the end of the cutting board popping out when I am using it. I would also recommend that the wood used be a harder wood such as is used normally with cutting boards as when I slice it leaves grooves in the wood 
Why do manufacturers always have to change a good thing? I had a Rival crockpot for over 12 years. It always worked great. The idea behind a crockpot is to cood slow and low. My old Rival cooked at 150 degrees on the "Low" setting. I use the old Rival all the time, and decided to get a second one so I could use them both simutaneouly and cook two recipes at the same time. I looked at the reviews for the electronic Rival models. Everyone said they cooked too hot. So I finally purchased this 6.5 quart model with the simple knob control. Well, I filled the crockpot full of 8 lb.s of chicken. The next morning, I could smell the burning food. I looked in the pot, and the chicken was boiling on the "Low" setting. So, the next night I filled it full of a vegetable soup recipe. The next morning, the soup was boiling over ... again on the "Low" setting. The veggies were overcooked and mushy. I measured the temperature and it was 195 degrees. I won't buy anymore Rival products. I only gave this 2 stars because I guess you could conceivably use it to make soup ... If you're willing to stand over it and turn it off when it starts to overboil 
I got one with my foodsaver. I like the foodsaver but their canisters crack after a couple of uses. Also the manufacture is not handy friendly. I was injured and can't speak. When I tried to get help by email they told me I needed to get friend or family member to call them if I wanted help. That just wrong. I guess they haven't heard about the equal access laws 
I love my cuisinart prep 11 plus food processor. Since I use it for all sorts of cooking, I have purchased all of the disks for it. I don't want three or four different holders for disks, etc. because I don't have unlimited closet and counter space. Since they sell a complete set of disks why, oh, why don't they sell a tower (small footprint) that will hold all of the attachments. This is short sighted of them. I have friends who have the same gripe. If someone manufactures such a disk holder we would be interested in knowing how to contact that company 
After using my 3 new Circulon pots and lids for only 2 or 3 months, all the Circulon lids have broken plastic handles, including the lid for this 3 quart sauce pan. First noticed the problem when I got gouged by the broken plastic, I saw that all three Circulon lids showed big chunks of plastic off the underside of the plastic handles. I am very careful and do not own a dishwasher. Next, I saw that two of the faulty handles now had big chuncks off BOTH ends of the plastic handles. All the breakage occured where the plastic 'cool' handle attaches to the metal part of the handle. Just today, when I removed the hot lid from my Toss and Turn pan, the black plastic totally came loose from the metal part of the handle! Only fast dancing saved me from this big hot lid falling on my feet. But at last I saw the FLAW. Instead of these lids having a complete metal handle that is covered with the plastic for cool handling, the metal part only goes up an inch to meet the plastic. The black plastic only overlaps the metal part for A SCANT HALF INCH OR SO, causing the more sturdy metal part to undermine the plastic, and eventually causing the chipped plastic to separate from the metal with use. The lids are subjected to steam and heat on a daily basis, so no wonder the plastic broke off, the plastic has no backing. It is just carelessly and poorly attached to less than a half inch of the metal that is attached to the lid. This poorly conceived construction is why the handle broke away entirely after the plastic was chipped, A full metal handle covered with plastic would have been nice for the money spent and prevented the accident where the handle completely separated from the chipped plastic. There is no metal supporting that plastic folks. My enthusiasm for the Circulon was originally quite high, but now that I have lidless pots after less than 90 days, I'm pretty unhappy! This chipping happened to 3 out of 3 lids! AND the Toss and Turn lid is almost as expensive as the Toss and Turn pan! Now, after less than 90 days I must send in the Toss and Turn lid and my 2 smaller lids with chipped handles that go with the sauce pans. Because the Toss and Turn handle separated and broke away, this is not merely a cosmetic matter. Even before the lid handle broke entirely, the broken handles were uncomfortable to use with those sharp broken plastic edges digging into my fingers. Sending these lids back will leave me ill equiped in the kitchen after all the money spent to be well equiped. Further, I doubt their replacements will be any better, and they will probably need replacement every 90 days! Much as I love the Circulon pans, these lids make them a bad purchase. I would not buy this product again. Hopefully this review will help you make a good decision about Circulon pans and their bad lids 
I bake a LOT of cookies. I love my mixer but and concerned and disappointed in this piece of equipment. It peels and chips constantly and those pieces of plastic paint mysteriously disappear into ??????? How can they sell this type of faulty equipment 
This item is metal and looks like an old fashioned ice crusher, but it is so small that it is useless. Its only 9 inches tall, so if you are expecting a nice big heavy duty machine, forget it. I bought it because I missed the ice in the door of my old fridge, but after trying it several times, I sent it back. It is so small that you rap your knuckles on the counter. I dont think there is a glass made that is small enough to fit in it, so you have to use the little tin cup that comes with it. I takes about three loads of ice to fill the cup, and about 2 cups to fill a glass. You need 4 hands to operate it: 1 to hold the lid, 1to turn the crank,1to keep it from bouncing all over the place, and 1 to hold the little tin cup in place (it slides out and then the ice lands on the base). Then when you finally get a cup fulll of ice, you have to try to get it out of the tin cup and into your glass. I broke the glass the first time i tried it. It hass little rubber feet that fall out and disapear, making it even more wobbly. But as I said in the begging, it IS cute 
I love these pans. I got the set for a wedding gift last year but needed another saucepan, so this was perfect. This one is a little larger than the 2 pans in the set. I absolutely love the set - the pans heat up very quickly and clean up beautifully. They're less expensive than many of the gourmet sets but just as good 
I bought this electric kettle and while it did heat water very quickly, once I opened the lid the whole pot of water reeked of plastic. Needless to say, the water was not drinkable. I don't know if I was stuck with a bad unit but I would not recommend this electric kettle. Buyer beware 
This ice cream scoop recieved a great review in a cooking magazine so I bought it and love it 
I bought this because it had such good reviews... I got one and used it a few times perfectly without problems. until it blew up in the microwave. yep, BLEW up. Now Im sure i did everything as i was meant to.. so i really am being objective about this review.. what can i say? this was my experience, ive decided to buy a more reliable egg cooker which does not involve the microwave.. 
In my opinion: Well, I ordered two of these, one for my Daughter. Since I had two, guess what I did? You're right - I tested both on the same hot and cold materials to see how close they read. Well, they were within 1/2 degree F. of each other, which in a laboratory is sloppy, but for cooking food, it's darn accurate. I have several oven thermometers, you know, the mechanical ones, and I use this unit to see how accurate they are. Also, I wanted a thermometer to be able to check the temperature of thinner foods, such as a hamburger, chicken patty, chicken breasts. Now, as you know, when you check the temperature of these items, you want a really quick reading, because your hand is close to the heat. Well, it's not as quick as advertised. It will take about 8 to 10 seconds to get a good reading, but that's not terribly long. Make sure you slide the temp probe through the handle so that your hand can be even further away from the fire. Next, it can be calibrated, so I put it up against a $400 Fluke meter, and it came within .8 degrees F, so I would consider it within specs. For food preparation, the difference would have no meaning. Finally, it seems to be holding up well against accidental drops and getting slightly wet. I've bought others, including those ridiculous forks with the built-in thermometers, but this unit is the best 
Recommended: No. The product is not very durable Good things: All in all, this caddy is great because it's versatile. It's huge and tall enough so a 12.5" round cake that's about 5 inches high can fit in easily. The locking mechanism is also pretty neat. There's 3 of them so it makes it very easy to carry without any fuss of the cake dropping on the floor. The handle of the carrier also gives a comfortable grip. Carrier is also see through so you'll notice if the decorations have been messed up during the transporting process. NOT so Good things: NOT very durable. Locking mechanism that holds the base of the carrier may crack making it non portable. This product is susceptible to breakage perhaps because certain stores just have had these items on their shelf for a long time-- that's only my assumption. Plastic should not crack unless it's placed in extreme temperatures or is abused. Should the temperature in the fridge crack a plastic? Very unlikely don't you think? The price is also far cry compared to other products sold by discount stores (i.e Linens../WlMrt. Other carriers are sold from $4-$9. The height is good but it can be problematic when storing it in the fridge, but aren't all cakes difficult to store regardless? In terms of cleaning the base, you'll need a brush to really get the bottom cleaned up 
I have brewed coffee with and without the ridiculously expensive filters and cannot tell the difference. If there was, I still wouldn't pay this much for plastic and charcoal. What were the designers thinking ??? It is just coffee, not fine wine ! 
I find that such a well-known brand would have a longer warranty than 12 months. My blender broke (it was the "coupler") after about 18 months of use. I emailed KA about it and all they did was give me two repair shops where I could pay to have it fixed. Both repair shops are more than one hour away. They also offered me [...] off a "refurbished" blender. Gee...what service. You'd think they'd at least work with me since the blender wasn't even 2 years old. For [...] I went out and bought a Cuisinart and that comes with a 3 year warranty. KA blender was not worth my [...]. It never blended fruit all the way, either; it always left chunks of bananas 
I sent it back because the shaft that was supposed to fit down through a hole DIDN'T, no matter how I considered the matter, so never tried it, sent it back, asked for a refund. :-( 
I figured "what the heck" on this comforter. Similar products at major brick mortar retailers cost upwards of $100. My wife and I have been using it for several months now and are both extremely happy with the quality. It is soft enough to sleep under without a flat sheet or to drape over ourselves while watching a movie on the couch. Excellent purchase 
This board scratches really easily, and mine had dings in it when it arrived 
This product was exactly what I was looking for and now that I have it I am very pleased in the way it works. It is a darn good steamer 
Wonderful pan, but the handles get VERY warm since it is oven-proof - wish it was broiler proof 
First, when you use the temperature probe, the meat temperature shows on the display. Also, it is very easy to set the temperature alarm. However, there is a small switch that must be turned on to activate the alarm. Good for one burned roast. Granted, a mistake you will only make once. Second, when the timer gets to zero, the alarm sounds, and the timer switches to an elapsed timer. A very nice feature. However, there is no way to shut off the alarm without stopping the timer. It will eventually shut off after one ear-splitting minute. Otherwise, it works 
This is what I use when making a roux and when I need to break up ground meat while cooking. It's nice and heavy and feels good in my hand. I have cheaper wooden products and they don't hold up as well as this does. You can tell the difference between OXO wooden utensils and others because of the quality. I think you can put it in the dishwasher but I never do. I hand wash it and oil it whenever I oil my cutting board. I love its rich color. It's a great product 
Owned Four Diffrent Styles. All Of them Worked ok But!!! The Pitchers Cracked, All Of Them!!!!My last New Mr. coffee Pitchers Lasted 3 Months and cracked (tea went all over the counter and floor) If you just make tea once in a while It may be ok But i make 3 Pitcher's a day With three tea makers sitting in the kithen on a old compter desk. The Hamilton Beach Has lasted 5 Years With Only one pitcher,It works good I'm ordering 2 more to replace the 2 mr coffee Because all my pitchers Cracked. I know Most people don't drink That Much,But I do. 
The soap shoots straight out of the pump and can go about three feet. (Children would love this feature.) You have to hold your hand awkwardly in front of the spout to keep the soap in your hand or pick up the pump and pump it directly into your palm. Also the pump sticks and has to be pulled up manually. You cannot use this pump with one hand - not good for kitchen use 
The cirtus juicer works great (like all Kitchen Aid products) but it's pricy by the time you pay $8 to ship it. However my local outlet mall wanted over $30 for it plus tax.. 
This thermometer has been a great asset to me during the course of my employment at the Bellagio in Las Vegas, as well as during my time as a student at Le Cordon Bleu. Easy to use, full-featured and very dependable, I have recommended this thermometer to many people and use it many times each day 
This cake form is phenominal! After spaying it with the flour/butter Pam, my cakes are flawless. I have never been disappointed with how my cakes have turned out with this pan. Not one corner of the pattern was soft. Every detail comes out crisp and so very clean. I have bought other pans from this maker and only have good things to say about them 
This is a great skillet for a party or a large family. We used it on Super Bowl Sunday for BBQ wings. The skillet kept them warm and looked good as a buffet server, as well. It cleaned up quickly and easily. 
This brews great coffee; unfortunately I have gone through 2 of these in 3 years. Not heavy use either. On my first one it started to leak the water from the bottom, and now my second one doesn't grind anymore. Still makes a good hot cup of coffee thou 
This is a durable sprayer, not a mister. I went through 3 or 4 misters before finding the Hoffritz sprayers. Mine are 3 years old and going strong. The misters, including the expensive stainless steel one, simply do not last very long. We use a LOT of olive oil and these sprayers have held up well. They do require a good push. And you get more olive oil than you would with a mister. 
I love this mug. Pros: -The 20 oz. size makes it perfect for a college student sitting down to write a paper or read a book - or for that matter, anyone who will be seated for the next hour and needs some comfort while doing it. -The vibrant red is warming, comforting, and beautiful. -This mug is not to heavy to comfortably hold, full of liquid, with one hand. -It insulates well so that fingers aren't overheated while holding it. Cons: -This is not related to the mug itself, but the shipping costs are monstrous. Buy at least two if you buy one - I wish I had. It comes in a rather oversized box 
I have bought this timer numerous times, and, after a few years, after it falls into a pot of soup or something, I go buy another. Reasons: a) the programmable timer which allows you to time several dishes simultaneously. b) Sturdiness. Its magnet does not stay glued to the back forever, but otherwise it's durable for an everyday electronic gadget - you should get several years of use out of it. c) It's one of the only timers I can find - and I look at big box stores, major discount stores, the supermarket, etc. - that allow you to time dishes longer than an hour or 99 minutes. This is important for pot roast, big chickens, turkeys, unusual dishes that simmer overnight, and so on. I recently bought it at Amazon because the big box store where I used to get it, now only carries from Pyrex a much more complex version which you don't need for everyday cooking. 
This thermometer is very cheaply made. It feels flimsy and the magnets on the back won't hold it secure on a metal surface 
I had a littermaid a couple of years ago that lasted me for a year and did great. I am not sure what is wrong with this type we had it for a whole week then it stopped working. Do yourself a favor and do NOT get this 
We never even plugged this sucker in. I wanted a countertop convection oven that would accomodate a pizza or 9 x 13 pan, and this unit was supposed to do that. What none of the product decscriptions mentioned is that this "countertop" unit should NOT be used underneath a cupboard. Don't most kitchen countertops have a cupboard over them? Also not mentioned is that the unit required a 4" clearance on the sides: so whatever the dimensions of the unit are, you need to add 8". I'm sending this monster back and getting something smaller 
Great while it worked, though a little large. But, it broke after 4.5 month 
The first time I used this yogurt starter and it did not thicken I thought that it was my technique. After reading and making several sucessful batches using store bought yogurt for the starter, I tried another batch using the Rolmex starter purchased at the same time as the original failed starter. The results were the same: no thickening, just liquid. Others seem to have had good results so it is possible that the culture I received was not properly stored at some point before I received it or that it was just a bum lot 
Mine broke on the 3rd use! No need to say anymore 
I am an avid cook and baker. I used this unit twice and it broke after the 2nd useage. I found it to be very slow; the charge didn't last long so I had to keep it plugged in. The dough had to be very very soft in order for the press to produce the cookies. I am very disappointed that such an expensive item would operate so poorly 
I bought the VillaWare Double Smoothee maker and it was a problem from the moment I pulled it out of the box. First, the silver lable was not glued on the product and wouldn't stick. Next when I made the product using THEIR receipe it wouldn't dispense from the spout and the spout connecting to the blender leaked. Tried calling the seller and emailing them about my problem and they wouldn't help. I called the manufacture and since I bought it HERE from a vendor they would help. So...now...its in the blender heaven of trash somewhere out there. WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY. THANK GOD FOR AMAZON'S ABC GUARANTEE!! 
This blender is frustrating. It offers good points, but in the end, the flaws outweigh the benefits. First the good: The heavy glass base is stable and easy to clean. The powerful motor hacks through most foods with ease. When the blender is started, the motor begins at a low speed for a second or two before turning on fully. The problems I found led me to toss the blender. If you plan on making blended soups, beware of the explosive force with which this beast turns on. Without a heavy hand on the lid, both the lid and your soup will hit the ceiling. Moderately thick, viscous liquids (a lemon cream was the latest such one I experienced) tend to get caught in the scalloped swoops in the jar. This leads to only the center portion of the liquid being actively blended, while the outer edges stagnate and remain clumpy. Deft work with a spatula is required to coax everything into the blending area. The above problems were annoying, caused occasional swearing, but were tolerable. What finally got me shopping for a replacement was worse. After several years of moderate use, the KitchenAid stopped working. The blades and motor are connected via a set of rubber teeth. These reduce operating noise, but over time, weaken. The problem first arose when making smoothies with chunky frozen fruit such as strawberries. A burning rubber smell came from the blender coupled with a strange noise and no action in the container. The rubber drive teeth slipped, and friction quickly heated them up. The result was hot, floppy rubber teeth that bent flat instead of turning the blades. When this happens, it takes 20 minutes or more before the teeth are capable of another round of use. Before long the blender could not even swirl water for more than a few seconds before the teeth slipped 
This is a wonderful can opener!!! I wouldn't have any other. The trick to having perfectly cut edges is to let the can spin around twice. I hold onto the can so that when it starts making its second round, I tighten my grip a little and the moment the lid comes lose it starts spinning. I have noticed that if I buy the dirt cheap, no name vegetables at the dollar store, the opener has difficulty. I guess one should blame the can and not the opener. It is a small price to pay for having such a safe appliance around. But then my opener is a couple years old so maybe my blade is just wearing out... If there is no replacement blade, you can bet I will buy another can opener just like this, and if I have to, on Ebay! I am sure this new technology has saved more than one lost or stray animal digging at the landfill or in the alley for a morsel of food. I just couldn't bear the thought of someone's lost puppy or an abandoned cat getting his tongue cut. Those old can openers are just plain dangerous. Call me a bleeding heart but it matters. It's not like my own pet couldn't knock the trash over when I'm gone and end up cutting themselves on one of those old fashioned, razor sharp lids. There are both elderly and child relatives in my house all the time and I just don't feel safe with those old tin cutters around. All it takes is a little patience with new technology and using this can opener on more than just a couple cans to get the hang of it. There is no need to slam this appliance on the counter or floor. That's rediculous. As far as oversized cans, that's not what this was made for. 
Even though I cleaned the machine between each empty and fill, if I did not have white carpet I would not have known this machine leaks the dirty water back onto the carpet. I had to shampoo the carpet two more times to remove the extra spots left in the carpet. A second time with detergent to remove the spots and then immediately with a rinse only cycle. My second gripe is the clean and dirty water reservoirs are in the same small space. I had to change it out about every 10 minutes. The machine gets one star for the dual brushes which I think are a positive for this machine. Unfortunately, that was not enough for me to keep it. It would have been cheaper for me to hire someone to come in and steam clean my carpet considering the fact I had to clean it three times and this carpet is in a low traffic area. I've had a Hoover for 8-10 years and will look to see what new machines Hoover has on the market. 
This is SUCH a great deal here on amazon. I paid more than this at an outlet! But, that said, this is a gorgeous butter dish and a beautiful addition to your holiday table. I use mine throughout the holidays and winter, it is just so very pretty and does a great job on keeping butter fresh. Plus, it's VERY easy to clean (don't you love scraping those butter pieces off?) by just popping it on the top shelf of a dishwasher. Mine has been used for 12 years and still looks new. 
I received this grinder because I had purchased a defective Melitta Grind Brew coffee maker through Amazon. The coffee maker had electrical problems and I sent it back to the manufacturer as the manual instructed. To make a very long story short---Melitta was not able to replace the coffee maker. They stopped making them. Amazon had my money and I waited over 4 frustrating months for a coffee maker. Amazon would not help me and after many, many phone calls Melitta sent me another coffee maker and the coffee mill to compensate for the Brew and Grind. Grinder malfunctioned periodically and finally died with in 9 months. WARNING--DON'T BUY MELITTA PRODUCTS AND RETURNS FOR DEFECTIVE MERCHANDISE SHOULD BE RETURNED TO AMAZON. 
I love to spend my time in the kitchen, but what I don't like to spend is obscene amounts of money. If I'm going to buy something I'd like to buy high quality so that I don't have to go buy it in a year or two. I kind of balked at the price - I found plenty of measuring spoon sets for a third of the cost of this stainless steel set. But after receiving it and using it, I don't regret the extra money at ALL. This set has been more than faithful to me in the time I've had it - it's dependable, I can toss it into the dishwasher with no fears and the labels won't rub off. I'm not afraid of abusing this set; it's stood up to my frantic mad dashes around the kitchen from the cookie dough to the spaghetti sauce. If your old set has worn down to nothing and you're looking for something that will stay in your kitchen longer and more faithfully than you will -- this is the set for you. 
It was just what I needed. I inherited the mixer but it didn't have the beater. So now I have one and it works perfectly 
I love this steamer because it fits in All Clad sauce pans from 2 to 4 quarts. The other version with the long handle doesn't fit the 2-quart. Works beautifully. Easy to care for (dishwasher safe). 
I was originally looking for silk sheets but not the silk sheet price tag. I'm SO glad I bought these sheets instead. They are comfy, warm and very smooth to the touch. They fit my 14" mattress with ease. I've had them about 2 months now and there are only a few drawbacks that I've noticed... they take _forever_ to dry in my dryer and they might need ironing once dry'ish. Overall, not worth 600 but if you can catch them on sale you'll be very pleased with the results 
This product stands up to heavy use without fraying or melting. My only complaint, and it's a significant one, is the shape of the handle. I find it awkward and clunky. It's probably great for people with larger hands. I've decided to replace mine with cheaper ones. 
I had older 500 thread count sheets that were better, lighter, smoother. These feel like 200 thread count sheets. Complete waste of money 
This product provide a couple of interesting issues. The first one: You don't need electricity to make it work on your table (No cables on your fancy candle-light-dinner); the second one: It works. All you need is to let it rest in your fridge, and that's it 
All the hype is true. The sensations are sinful, but totally legal. I'm still embarrassed that I spent that much money on a dessert maker, but I don't regret a penny of it. When I clean the machine, I only wish I had a tongue long enough to lap up every drop. I hide from the kids so I can lick the paddle blades alone. "Normal" ice cream from this machine can send you into another realm, but Italian-style gellato will deliver you to a level of transcendence previously thought impossible here on earth. Slowly heat four cups of fresh cream in a large pot to just below a simmer (surface will start to shimmer). In a small pot, melt four ounces of best bittersweet chocolate on lowest heat. In a large, deep bowl, beat four fresh egg yolks on high speed and gradually add 2/3 cups sugar. Slowly pour the hot cream into the yolks and sugar. Mix in 1/2 cup of ground chocolate (Ghiardelli, for example). Add melted chocolate and return to large pot. Heat mixture to about 160 degrees, stirring frequently, and cook until it thickens (about fifteen or twenty minutes). Don't let it get above 165 degrees, or it might burn. Remove from heat, cool, and place in refrigerator for at least an hour. Pour into Musso, turn on machine, and prepare yourself. Tell only your closest, dearest loved ones 
Like many large wood surfaces, a peel is made from several strips of wood laminated together. However, this peel developed a split after just one use. The instructions indicate maintenance is achieved by wiping with mineral oil, so perhaps you should do this before using the first time. I imagine there are heavier peels available which may be worth checking out. I was rather dissapointed. 
I have used a Revere teakettle for 41 years. To clean it...all you need to do is take some Easy Off oven cleaner (spray type) and spray the stainless steel part. This cleans all the grease spatters and any other spatters you get on it. Leave the Easy Off on until you see that you can wipe off the stains. Wipe, rinse and dry. It will look brand new 
The toast was black on setting 4, black and dark tan on setting 3, and dark tan and untoasted on setting 2. This is appalling performance for such an expensive toaster, and not worthy of Cuisinart 
Our dogs didn't even notice it. We have three small terriers and I thought this would be a suitable device for a few house slippers. I was wrong - the kept on barking.. 
Two of the basic kitchen specialty items included in one package deal! Easy grip handles, stylish and quality design will assure that these items will be around in my array of often used gadgets for a long time to come 
the 8" chef's knife is a little heavy, but other than that, they both work great so far...especially for the price. i've used them daily for a month, and they have not lost their sharpness at all. 
Usually OXO produces well designed items that have you thinking They *really* thought about how this thing was going to be used (and abused)! Unfortunately the other reviewers are spot on -- very bendy handles. It's a shame, but you should pass on these 
I hav K5SS model of the Kitchen Aid Mixer and it has worked well for me when I do my cookies, cakes or mix ground meat for meat loaf. It is very easy and convenient to use. Basically, I would want to inquire about other attachments for this model and how and where can I get them. I am from the Philippines. I am interested to purchase attachements like a sausage stuffer, grinder. Sorry for using this site, as I am lost where to get in touch with "Kitchen Aid Inc". thanks and please email me 
I recently purchased this product. The first time I used it, I thought it worked great. I made a pot of chili and let it cook until we were ready to eat it that night. The second time I used it, things were not as good. The outer shell where the controls are were literally melting. I had programmed this to cook for 10 hours while I went to work. I came home that night and the hours had not changed. I realized I didn't click the on/off button to start heating the cooker. This may have saved a house fire. I went ahead and changed the time from 10 to 4 hours. This set the unit to high instead of the original low setting. Not 15 minutes after turning on, the outer covering was melting. I immediately shut it off. I see the 4 quart units were recalled back in 2004 for similar issues. Whatever their problem, it has not been fixed. Be aware of this serious problem when using your slow cooker. I am returning mine and will exchange for a different brand 
The name Polder keeps appearing in my home! Why? Because they make a great and accurate product (s). Polder is my kind of brand...it does what it's supposed to do and it's not overpriced 
I have a small kitchen, will always have a small kitchen, and finding a place to store my cookware was a problem. I purchased the Calphalon wall rack and hubby installed it. Installation was easy and the rack looks so nice againist my kitchen wall. My pots are now safely organized and my kitchen has more storage space. I wish I had enough room for a second rack.. 
I know these got poor reviews, as ice cube trays. But I used them to freeze my baby's homemade fruits and veggies and they worked great. The lids were a little tricky at first, but as long as you don't overfill them, you'll have no problems removing the lids. A couple twists of the tray, and the food cubes slid right out! They were much cheaper than trays marketed specifically for freezing baby food 
Finding the right items to start the perfect kitchen for two is so easy thanks to OXO. I love their good grips products. All the handles look great, but are also very comfortable and practical. This strainer fits in well to a kitchen for feeding 2 or 3 people. You can use this double rod strainer not only for straining, but also for sifting flour, draining, and if need be - awkwardly steaming veggies over boiling water. It seems most people might go for the 8" instead, but this one works perfectly for making gnocchi from scratch. You have to make few enough in each batch that they can all rise to the top at once. Then you scoop them all up with the strainer (the bigger strainer may be hard to fit in many pots). Drain the gnocchi and place on a paper towel. Since you can do all this with one hand, you can use your other hand to grab more gnocchi to start a-boilin' quick as can be. Whatever you use it for, this is a high quality strainer that will last 
The only complaint from the other reviews that I can agree with is that the amount of froth on the milk is hard to control. I certainly don't have any trouble getting hot milk. My taste in coffee is probably not very sophisticated, but this machine produces espresso and latte as good as I've had in America. I've had my EspressoPro for 3 years and it's still working well. When I first bought the machine, it didn't work, and the Capresso people were wonderful and immediately sent a new machine. Then there was a mixup over the color (silver vs chrome), and again the Capresso people were wonderful and sent a new machine. Both times they sent me a machine immediately, with packaging to send my old machine back, so I had a new machine within two days of calling them. I always use Espressione coffee pods, and filtered water. That's just what is most convenient for me. I've never actually cleaned the machine's innards, and I haven't noticed any degradation in performance over the years. The milk attachment is very convenient. We wash ours about once a week, although we do have to wash the little siphon/nozzle thing every day. It's about as much work as a stainless jug I guess, with the advantage that you're not wasting milk every time you make a latte. The downside to the milk attachment is that I haven't found a way to get a lot of froth out of it. It's got a little knob on top that is supposed to control the amount of froth. It does a good job of controlling the temperature of the frothed milk, but no matter what I do, I almost always end up with around 1/2 inch of froth on my latte. Occasionally I end up with a lot more or almost none, but I have no idea why. That's my biggest complaint. The bit where the coffee comes out into your cup (you can see my level of sophistication there) has two holes, so it can pour into two cups at once. This is worthless. The coffee never comes out evenly, and if you use pods you can only make a single shot at a time anyway. The end result of the two holes is that whenever I make an espresso, some of it dribbles down the side of the cup instead of going in. It's also a bit short for any latte glass I've ever found, and you have to tilt the glass to get it under. Despite the fact that the EspressoPro doesn't look particularly tough (it's mostly plastic, and not really heavy plastic at that), Mine is still going strong after three years. Much to the dismay of my grandparents, three years is considered long enough to classify something as "durable" thesedays. So there you go. I'm sure there are machines that make better espresso, but for convenience, I haven't seen any machines that can touch this one for less than twice the price. There are a couple of things I'd like to change (milk froth control and height of coffee dispenser), but I would still recommend it 
My Screwpull Lever model broke after opening roughly 40 bottles over 1+year. Locked up and when I pulled a little harder it stripped a gear (the notches into which the gear meshes are only plastic.) I suspect the lockup during the twist-cork-in -then-lift-up cycle was due to worn part within the screw housing. In any event, it's unacceptable for something this expensive to fail with such limited use. At the very least, the gear mechanism should be stainless steel vice metal-plastic to provide better wear. Plus, we just talking about a stupid corkscrew. How hard /costly would it be to build something decent vice a piece of overpriced yuppy crap?? 
There's hardly any suction. I applied a full tank of cleaner on the carpet (which requires a little effort one squirt at a time), but it only sucked up a few drops of it. customer service was helpful and had me return the product 
I miss soy yogurts !!! I've been used to make soy yogurts in France. I've bought this yogurt maker. I've tried several times to make some but it never worked. I've followed the recipe using plain soy milk and one plain yogurt. Has anyone got a recipe for me ? I'm allergic to lactose... Thank you 
i love this dutch oven. don't even debate whether or not you should buy it .... just buy it. you will not regret it. i'm consistently amazed at how well food turns out after cooking in it. after buying it i tend to use it in place of my all clad pieces. amazing 
I love having the edge measurements as well as the circular measurments. I wish I had a cabinet big enough for this wonder tool, but like some of my favorite baking sheets, this will have to live on top of the counter. After use, it cleans up very nicely, and a coat of mineral oil makes it look like a million dollars. I'm very satisfied 
AirBake products are horrible! I have used the cookie sheets multiple times and I have had nothing but problems. There products over-brown everything you cook and the food sticks no matter how well you grease the pans. I have better luck using my old cheap non-stick bakeware than AirBake. Buyer beware! If you do choose to buy this brand of products grease the pans generously and cut the bake time and oven temperature 
The KitchenAid Professional 5 Plus (KV25G0X) is a great product, but you should buy it elsewhere. We ordered it from Amazon, and got the Commercial (KM25G0X) instead. We did not want that, so contacted customer service. They said they'd exchange it, but they sent us another KM25G0X. No good, obviously. Then, the customer service representative claimed they could not reliably get in touch with the warehouse, so they had no idea whether they ever actually would get the item they advertise. They said they sometimes substituted similar products. Great. At this point we gave up, and ordered instead straight from the manufacturer 
the thread count softness of the sheets met my expectations, however the top sheet was the wrong size, it did not even fit across my queen size bed. I had to return them. The holidays are coming up and I am very reluctant to shop Amazon.com. I was previously a happy customer 
For those of you unfamiliar with the "A Series of Unfortunate Events" books, they detail the absurdly tragic lives of the fictional Baudelaire orphans, and their struggles to overcome adversity (after adversity, after adversity, ad infinitum). Hovering in the background of their tragedies and occasional, brief glimpses of happiness, is their distant cousin, the scheming, greedy, conniving, ruthless cousin, the Count. Given the concept of the story, this poster fits perfectly, with the orphans, standing together but otherwise alone, in the middle, with the shadow of the Count casting gloom upon them. It is a perfect fit, as is the casting of Jim Carrey as the Count 
Good idea bad product. Worked great 2 weeks. Magnets fell off end of week 2. Probe quit week 3. Costs more to return for repair than it is worth 
I cant say enough about this set. The cups are the perfect hot beverage size. The dinner plates are big enough for any meal and I love the square shape. They are versitle and fit any style. They also fit perfectly in the dishwasher and they set straight up and do not fall over so I never need to re-wash. The salad plates are big enough for salads, desserts, appetizers or condiments. Bowls are great too 
A dutch oven is one of the most versatile items you can find. Many people I know are intimidated by cooking with dutch ovens, but when you take a few minutes to learn how, you can use it to cook anything! It can be used with variety of foods: stews, cakes, cobblers, breads, poultry, vegetables (basically anything you make in a conventional oven). If you happen to forget to pack your skillet when you go camping, turn over the lid and put it back on the dutch oven. Voila! Instant skillet-type cooking surface! Additionally, this smaller dutch oven stacks well with the 12-inch version, so you can cook more than one course at a time! Having used a variety of dutch ovens in my life, I can tell you for sure, Lodge dutch ovens are the best. They are durable and well-crafted. If you have ever had the experience of cooking with a dutch oven that was not a Lodge, you will know what I mean. You should look for a dutch oven that has a lip on the lid for keeping coals on, and sturdy legs, to keep from crushing the coals. Lodge dutch ovens have these features, and are made of quality cast iron. Lodge also has many accessories for cooking, such as lid lifters and lid rests, inserts for muffins, etc. Dutch ovens make a great gift for the camper in your life. Highly reccommended 
I totally love these pans... Next go round I would definately order more of the same,, as I am hard on frying pans, and love these immensel 
I own many items from the Le Creuset stoneware collection, and I must say that they are all of superb quality. This square pan is perfect for baking and serving my favorite side dishes and desserts. I have been impressed over and over again at how non-stick the surface of this bakeware is. Everything I have put into Le Creuset bakeware - brownies, casseroles, refried beans, etc. - has come clean with zero elbow grease. In fact, the dishwasher usually gets them sparkling clean without my help! I highly recommend this product as well as everything else from this line 
This was exactly as described. inexpensive, dense wood cutting board on one side with a nice pastry board on the other. the wood has an attractive grain that is not out of place on the counter full-time. 
This spatula has an easy hold grip, works like it's supposed to, and washes well in the dishwasher 
This sturdy little fan has been working well for months. One quibble: its two speeds are medium fast. There is no "slow." Overall, I'm a happy customer 
I cooked 2 cobblers for our scout troop that even the pickiest eater was coming back for more.Terrific piece for any campers , practically a must have 
Very noisy and takes too long to brew. Boxed it up to return but I misplaced the packing slip. Will keep using mom's very old Corelle electric percolator 
I own this pan and the Bavarian and Chrysanthemum models too. I think Nordicware makes very innovative designs which makes their flaw even more disappointing. After a few uses, everytime I bake with these pans the cake always stick. I grease AND flour these pans before baking and the cake still sticks. One reviewer said to LIBERALLY grease these pans, but I don't understand why there's so much work for greasing a "non-stick" pan. I had less worries when using a regular tin pan with no "non-stick" 
This is a great iron. It's quite heavy, but I like that. It really gets out the wrinkles. I don't even mind ironing any more 
I just received this set the other day, and am absolutely thrilled. It is top-notch quality, and the pieces are very heavy. My silverware drawer looks so pretty and perfect, I am tickled every time I open it! It is definitely the last set I'll ever need. And at this price,(and free shipping to boot) there is no better deal anywhere 
This is the best hot air corn popper I've ever had. I can count on one hand the unpopped kernels in a batch. Highly recommended 
Ok, it's June and you are being hit up for present after present and you are on limited funds. No need to feel depressed. You can give this measuring cup set and hold your head up, knowing you gave something that won't be sneered at or find its way to the return pile by the blushing bride. Everyone needs these cups to do cooking, from the large size for soup and broth to the small size for baking. And I will confess, I've used the medium sized one as an emergency gravy boat. So it doesn't look quite as nice as a cut glass gravy server--it works JUST fine. I also use the glass cups for mixing batters to pour out right from the pitcher, and I use them for prepping foods like stir fry when you have to have a bunch of ingredients ready to hand to dump at once into the wok. 
You put cake mix in it and make cake. This pan does just that. Yay 
I've always wanted a deep fryer, and finally decided to take the plunge. After doing quite a bit of research, I decided on this model - picked one up at Bed, Bath, and Beyond with a 20% coupon. In my opinion, you generally get what you pay for - so the extra cost vs. competitors wasn't a real concern. I must say, overall, I am quite pleased. While I am new to frying, I found it extraordinarily easy (it is pretty hot though, so be careful). Only complaint would be that the capacity is a little on the small side, say if you're cooking entrees for a larger family (for example, you can really only fit 3 (MAYBE 4) pieces of chicken at a time). But since the chicken needs to cool down anyway, this wasn't such a major issue. It came out nice, crispy, and golden brown - not too soggy, not too crisp - perfect. I figure if it can handle the chicken, vegetables and smaller portions will be a piece of cake. Although I've only fried a couple of batches, I am beyond pleased - but I'll let you know if I have any problems... Great item so far though. 
Ok, this is obviously not the same as the traditional All Clad stockpots, if it was it would be more then triple the price of this one. It is part of the disk bottom collection, however it is still top quality stainless steel and very well made. I certainly would not consider it secondary. It is a little lighter in weight than the traditional All Clad but it is not a light weight pot by any means. It is great for sauce, soup, stew, etc. You will love it and you can't beat the price. It is very easy to clean. A+ Keep an eye out, there is always some kind of rebate or gift with most cooking purchases both on Amazon and in department and cooking stores. I actually got this stock pot free when I purchased my All-Clad Roti Pan set which also came with a rack and turkey lifters in Filene's. I would have bought it anyway, it is an excellent stockpot and the price can't be beat. Tip: If you should get something stuck to the stainless steel use a product called "Bar Keepers Friend" to clean it. Most supermarkets have it and Kitchen Etc. and Bed, Bath and Beyond carry it too. The container (like a Comet can) is gold with blue and white writing. All Clad recommends it for cleaning stainless steel and it works like a dream and is very inexpensive. 
used vet's RX to treat my dog's ear and it didnt seem to work. After reading reviews I decided to try this . After only 1 week I noticed a considerable amount of change in her ears for the better. would recommend to others 
This is a great product, and you can get it, along with any other products on Amazon up to $500 Free! Participate in this special promotion and get a free $500 Amazon Gift Card at this web site: stuffnocost.com/amazo 
The product I received was faulty so irobot sent me another one. Robots are great but I you need to make sure they work right before the warranty is over 
You get what you paid for. Nice pattern, but the bedding is somewhat rough to the touch. Wouldn't give it as a gift 
I bought this thermomter after watching Goods Eats with Alton Brown, because when I make buttercream frosting I wanted to be able to clip on the thermometer to the pot and get an accurate reading. Well this themometer did a lousy job at staying clipped onto the pot, it kept falling off no matter how I put it on. I even tried using other pots, but no luck. I am so mad that I paid so much money for this crappy gadget, it sucks 
I have depended on my French White - the "old" style - for many years. I went to buy a few new pieces for myself, but discovered that Corning has changed the design. "French White" is now nothing more than cheap-cheesy-heavy-porous-breakable stoneware. I saw many chips and even a crack in the display models. STUPID Corning! They seem to have forgotten that Corningware was designed to be the smart alternative to that cheap-cheesy-heavy-porous-breakable stoneware! PLEASE SAVE YOUR $$$ 
OXO usually makes great things, this sifter does the job, but if you're making something large be prepared to be there awhile. It's very slow and after awhile your arm will start to tire. I would not recommend this sifter, just too slow for even making a small batch of cookies. 
Although this grill has all the design elements I wanted - easy to use, quick to clean, and very compact, it is very cheaply made. After just 3 uses, One of the joints that adheres the top to the bottom broke. Had I not reacted quickly, I would have been burned. We were very fortunate that our child was kept away from ever using it. Upon close examination, we found the weak joint to be made of some sort of brittle, composite material, NOT metal. It's such a disappointment to see such a terrific design implemented so poorly. 
Why would anyone want pots that can't be used on high heat, can't be washed in the dishwasher or can't be scoured for fear of removing their anodized finish. My Calphalon professional pots were very expensive and it makes me sick that they have preformed so poorly. I have noticed that many of the positive reviews were by people who haven't owned these pots for long I am a real cook and use my pots several times a day, I need them to work, not just look good and this cookware is ridiculously tempermental. After leaving them on the heat too long, just once, they warp. Food sticks easily to them and they are very hard to clean because you can't use steelwool or abrasive pads. After a guest put one in a dishwasher by mistake, the pot finish was ruined, and I had aluminum coming off on my food. I am someone who takes good care of my things, and it is impossible to clean these well without removing the finish. I had taken some comfort in the "lifetime" warantee, I tried to return them, but the warantee, like this cookware is absolutely useless 
Kitchens Etc put price stickers on the outsides of each bowl. These are not coming off easily at all. Each one of them has a sticky, white adhesive mess on the side. The bowls themselves are cute 
Great sugar dish, fantastic colour, but Amazon's shipping time of 1-2 weeks is way off. I ordered this twice and had it take well over a month to arrive 
I got this blender some years ago, I don't even remember how long, because of the price. Then my finances got better and promised to myself once it broke I would change it for a nice new chrome steel model... but the friggin' thing keeps on going and going, so, I'm stuck with it until who knows when. 
This dust bin is a helping hand to the disabled that have difficulties bending and to workshop craftsman 
Purchased these to go with a 7 inch Henckels International santoku that I've been using for years, and the phrase that comes to mind to describe all Fine Edge cutlery is "good enough." No, it isn't restaurant quality, and yes, if you put these through the dishwasher they'll tarnish and probably even start to rust (any metal designated as "stainless" is rust resistant rather than rust proof, and reviewers of other Henckels products complaining about rust and tarnish probably aren't treating their knives very well). As a graduate student on a budget who enjoys cooking, but doesn't always have the time for it, these knives are an ideal compromise between price and quality. Be aware that they will occasionally require sharpening - I've had the santoku for almost three years and run it through a commercially available ceramic disk sharpener every few months and it still cuts very nicely - and should probably be hand-washed for longest life. With that little bit of maintenance, however, this three piece set can meet nearly all of your cooking needs (it meets all of mine, but then I don't often dress poultry, filet my own fish, or do much that would require a cleaver or really subtle boning knife) for quite a nice price 
I have not tried this pasta attachment a second time - I'm afraid of harming the motor. The mixer became VERY hot and oil even leaked out. I going to get the mixer checked/serviced and not risk damage again. One thing missing from these reviews is the mixer models used. Perhaps those with the heavier motors work better? I have the smaller motor (250 W) K45SS mixer. Surely KitcheAid must read these reviews. I would expect some additional user information for this product on their website, but see nothing. Very disappointing product and consumer support. Come on KitchenAid - give more info and/or offer to give $$ credit for return of this questionable product 
I've had my set for about a year a half. I haven't had one speck of rust - I wonder if they had a bad batch at some point?? I would definately take them back. I can see how they'd be too big/heavy for kids - but for adults they're great. Fit the contours of your mouth very nicely. I use mine with Fiestaware and they look great together 
My rack came with pieces warped, one screw and most screw holes missing. Wood split as I was putting it together. Used it once for drying pasta, then once for kindling. Hope you have better luck 
difficult to start and difficult to maintain flame. would think twice before buying again. especially difficult if one is left handed 
Ordered on June 4 and received on June 12 (one day earlier than anticipated). Was thrilled with the quality and even more with the fact that it comes fully assembled except for the adjustable shelves which are a snap to put in. Nice looking cabinet and I may order another one at a later date. Couldn't be happier with the product and with the servic 
When all you're having is a big bowl of chunky soup for lunch or oatmeal for breakfast, this bowl goes great in the microwave and on to the sofa with you. So many times one has to be careful microwaving a hearty portion of soup or oatmeal in a regular-sized bowl, because it will boil over. How much fun is that to clean up your microwave carousel before you can eat? But this bowl is big enough to handle the bubbling. Just take a kitchen towel under it against the heat and you will be cozy in your terrycloth robe on the couch for some nice potato-ing 
This sharpener seemed to work well, but that was before I noticed it was putting chips in the edge of the knife 
I absolutely love my KitchenAid mixer. I like to bake and always use my mixer. I use it to mix cake batters and knead dough. Cakes come out perfect every time. The mixer is a necessity for every baker's kitchen. It is a durable product and will last a lifetime. The mixer is well built and well designed. Cleanup is easy too. Just remove the bowl and beater and wash by hand or in the dishwasher. The mixer comes with one bowl, kneading hook, flat paddle beater and whisk-type beater. There are also many accessories available for the KitchenAid mixers. I recommend the KitchenAid mixer for every kitchen. The more you use it, the more you will love it. 
We bought this to replace our 25 year old can opener after the blade on it snapped. We looked around and quickly discovered that finding an inexpensive opener was easy but a quality opener was going to be a difficult task. Out of shear frustration we ended up selecting this Black Decker. At first it seemed "ok", but after just a few months we are back to using our old "manual - hand wind" opener. The reason is that the top lever is too cheaply made and it flexes. Over time (not much time!) it gets too loose to hold a can anymore. We lock it in place, it spins an inch or two and the can drops onto the counter. Repeat this scene over and over...! At the end, the lid is never (REPEAT - NEVER!) separated from the can - ever! It's back to the hand held and a search of a decent electric continues 
This All-Clad ladle is a beauty you'll wonder how you ever did without. Before I bought this, my drawers held only gravy/sauce ladles. You know, those short little things that'll fall down inside your pot and your soup. Buy one of these and suffer that fate no more! Now that I own this, I truly enjoy preparing big pots of stew or soup. You'll feel like a real chef when you dish up portions to your family or friends. 
We have a large family and we use our electric skillet a lot. In the past we have purchased the cheaper versions from Wal-mart. They don't heat evenly, and we were constantly replacing them because the cheap plastic legs or handles would break. The Cuisinart CSK-150 1500-Watt Nonstick Oval Electric Skillet is AWESOME!! The cooking area is huge (we can cook 6 pancakes at a time easily) and the cooking surface heats up evenly. It is very heavy, so it doesn't scoot around on the counter. Nice metal handles an base. Glass lid is also very sturdy with a steam vent. It is very beautiful and functional. Because of the quality of the construction, I believe it will last our family for many years. I have not previously recommended any item online before, but I highly recommend this item 
I feel it was an unlucky day when I bought this pot. As careful as I tried to be, it was extremely difficult to tell if I had correctly placed the stem (with basket) in the pit. It had to be by "feel," and half the time it was apparently a hair's breadth off and would not perk. Or it would perk enough so that the light went on but that the coffee grounds were hardly wet. It was also difficult to correctly jam the plug into the pot. A hair's breadth off and again it wouldn't perk. So each day became a guessing game as to whether today would be the day I got real coffee instead of cold water or damp coffee grounds. I am returning to my old friend, the Farberware FC280. It may or may not last more than a year but at least I can depend on it 
I got rid of my electric can opener when I bought this one. There is no need for it anymore. This can opener works like a charm and very easy to use. Does not take up any space at all. Love it!!!!!!! 
Lisa S from Ohio complains that the knives rust very easily and that this is a buyer-beware item. This is not a buyer beware item. This is an item that requires some knowledge about use and care of carbon steel knives. Carbon steel is an alloy which allows one to hone a very keen edge and it is used for very fine cutting tools in general. It does rust very easily and should always be dried after washing, and even wiped with a little olive oil. These knives cannot be left sitting in dishwater, and they should never be run through a dishwasher. If you want to throw your kitchen knives into a dishwasher, buy cheap stainless steel ones 
I have had this iron for awhile now. The big problem is that gunk builds up on the soleplate that is almost impossible to get off. Except when you iron white shirts, when it seems to rub off of the collar and seams, permanently staining and thus ruining your shirts. Avoid this iron at all costs 
This product does separate the fat BUT small bits of meat or vegetables will stop up the spout and the plastic is not heat resistant. Mine cracked the first time I used it and after the second use it had to go in the trash can 
Thought for years, I was missing something by not having a Cuisinart! What a laugh. In the few months I have had this unit, two pusher assemblies have cracked and broken. I did read the manual from cover to cover and watched the video prior to using. This is an obvious design defect. Guess I was lucky, in that first replacement was made without a hassle or having to return anything. Now they want the broken item returned, which is an inconvenience and a delay. I was without my replacement last time, at least six weeks. I plan to return this item and purchase a different brand 
HOOVER HAS A KNOWN PROBLEM WITH THE BELTS STRETCHING OUT ON ALL THE SELF PROPELLED VACUUMS, BUT WILL DO NOTHING FOR CUSTOMERS STUCK WITH THEM! WE MUST REPLACE THE DRIVE AND PROPEL BELTS EVERY COUPLE OF MONTHS. REDICULOUS POOR CUSTOMER SERVIC 
I purchased this machine for my father, who is completely blind, but a complete coffee fiend. He finds this machine easy to use, and loves the fact that he can make as many or as few cups. I highly recommend this machine 
The Kitchen Aid hand mixer is actually more than I expected. It is light weight, easy to use, and has attachments that other mixers don't usually have. While it is more expensive than your average hand mixer, I definitely feel I got my money's worth. I have other Kitchen Aid products and they last forever. I have never been disappointed in their performance. 
This is probably the most used tool in my kitchen. The cost of the machine and bag material are more than repaid in food savings. I like the rolls as opposed to the bags because I can make the size I need without waste. Watch for sales on meat or fish; buy large quantities at reduced cost, and cut your bags to a portion size, vacuum and seal, and freeze. I have taken hamburger, steaks, fish, pork, and chicken out of the freezer after being stored for two years or longer, and they are as fresh as the day I put them in 
I had a Black and Decker processor that I got as a wedding present over twenty years ago, and it never let me down once. When it was time to get a new one, I got this 1500 thinking that it's a B and I can't go wrong. Well as as soon as I tried to grate some cheese the plastic ring on the shredder/grater blade snapped off. The next time I used it a metal pin in the pastic cover that holds the blade securely broke the plastic groove it was in. Too bad B went down the drain through the years 
I think you could do just about anything to this bottle opener and it would come out just fine. As noted by other reviewers, this opener has a wonderful substantial weight. It has Kitchenaid's signature quality and great color! Goes well with my other utencils and gadgets. Oh, it opens bottles very well too 
I bought the Hot Diggity Dogger many years ago. We are still using it!! My kids have made their own hot dogs for years. My middle one loves it. He is getting his own place now and I am going to get him one for Christmas. He has used it the most. He loves it. It is the only appliance that I have ever gotten that has truly paid for itself 
Although small, these little cups come in really handy. Have small amounts of liquid to measure before you measure those tablespoons of sugar or flour? Now you don't need to be concerned, just use a little OXO cup and move on! I use them every time I bake and leave the measuring spoons dry or completely alone. Just love them and need another set 
this is the best steam cleaner it really gets your carpets looking like new again and I was very surprised that it worked great on old stains as well. I love the attachments for the furniture as a pet owner the attachments and the cleaner work wonders. I especially like the turbo surge button this works for the high traffic areas and I have 2 dogs that like to roll around the carpet to itch there backs and these spots get dirter,so this feature works GREAT for cleaning the deep down areas, makes my carpet's look new again!This is also easy to use to fill the water and empty it too, I am VERY mechianically not smart but this is soooo easy to figure and and use it is a breeze! I LOVE MY cleaner. 
I was not happy with this item at all. The pillowcases are really thin and after washing and drying them, they are extremely wrinkled. They also had "pills" on them after washing them before they were even used. Very unsatisfactory 
I would have given this no stars but it won't let me. This non-stick griddle has more things stick to it than tape. It is simply the worst product I have purchased in a long time. I have this "non-Stick" griddle for just about a month and it is ready for the trash. The non-stick is coming up on the flat end and the griddle is worthless, it ripped my chicken cutlets to shreds. Don't buy it!!! If you read this and still buy it may you have three horrible meals like I did before it met the old trash can 
The only thing this juicer is good for is to find out if you will really be into juicing. This juicer lasted for 3 months while juicing 3 to 5 times a week (for two people). At 3 months the tray that holds the blade warped and started spitting plastic into the drink. I considered getting another one to have spare parts....then I scraped that idea and got a real juicer. Besides being cheaply made...it should also be priced cheaper. Also the blade takes a while to clean 
I have, and do use, many different fillet knives but needed one for knife block in the kitchen. It had to match my other 4 stars. It not only matched but the construction if great and is an excellent performer 
I am glad that I finally have a storage unit to hold my sharp Cuisinart Blades. I have three little kids and the thought of them getting their little hands on them always had me worried. The only design flaw is that it can be difficult to open and then lock back into place. I knew this going into my purchase and decided to take the chance as the flaw was better then not having to worry about my children. Hopefully Cuisinart is aware of the design flaw and working to fix it 
Disappointed with the size of product, have not used it yet 
There is no guess work with a name brand like Pyrex, you know your gonna get quality 
We used our beloved panini maker probably once a month or so for about a year, but it died without warning, and way too soon 
The Nissan Multi-Function Can Insulator is a lightweight versatile stainless steel holder that effectively keeps canned beverages cold. My mother and I find the product allows our soft drinks to remain cold after more than two hours. I have two conveniently stored in the center console of my automobile, 1 at the office, and 1 in my luggage for travel. 
Overall this is a fine scale. One "convenient" feature is an auto zero function. If the scale has been tared and the tare weight removed, rather than displaying a negative weight, the scale automatically re-zeros. This may be handy most of the time, but sometimes it's a pain. With my old scale, I could tare a partially filled bowl, remove the bowl from the scale, add more goodies, and place it back on the scale to determine the weight of the additional material. That doesn't work with this scale--it rezeros when a tared weight is removed 
This grill is awesome! I ordered it to replace my old grill, which didn't have the removeable plates and was worn down. The removeable grills make this so easy to clean...maybe takes 5 minutes. I had looked at a couple of other contact grills from different manufacturers, and though this one was more expensive, I thought it had a better design than some of the others I looked it. Definitely recommended, don't hesitate to buy this if you're thinking about it 
Like 7 of the 8 other reviews, this product broke with no way to repair it. For the price and apparent sturdiness, it is just one big failure and is to be avoided. 
I have had these dishes for only 1 year and they have ALL chipped and cracked and the glaze is cracked as well. I have re-ordered a set of bowls and several plates and had the same results. They say they are "microwave safe" but after the first few uses, the dish heats up to the point of burning your hand (or worse yet the unsuspecting hand of your child or guest!) and the food/liquid inside stays cold. I am SO disappointed and am now shopping for a new set of dishes 
The Black Decker IC200 Arctic Twister Ice Cream Mixer is a product that you must not purchase. It is a total waste of money. It's designed to make soft-serve ice cream at home. The are not enpough pro's and way too many cons. the only Pro: It makes soft-serve ice cream when ever you want. CONS 1. It's LOUD and Noisy 2. The ice cream you use in it must be as frozen as it is the second it comes out of the freezer which makes it very hard to scoop out. 3. If not used correctly, it make a huge mess. 4. It wastes ice cream. When you use this product, half of the ice cream gets stuck inside the machine. 5. by the time its finished, ice cream is pratically melted. 6. You ongly get about 1/3 of what you put in the machine. The rest gets stuck inside the machine. 7. You have to hold onto the on switch while operating the machine. 8. You have to hand pump the ice cream into soft-serve yourself. This Black Decker IC200 Arctic Twister Ice Cream Mixer is such a waste of money. I So reccomend not buying this. Just going to Dairy Queen or Baskin Robins is a much easier and cleaner solutio 
I, too, bought this terrible piece of equipment. My complaint, aside from the odd taste, consistency and smell, was that you could not tell when the egg was done. It was still raw at 10 minutes. By the time it was cooked you could have used it for a nerf ball. What a waste of money. As far as thinking up other purposes for it, I suppose it could be a sacrificial camping outdoor firepit cook pan for something. You'll have to think of something, just don't put eggs in it 
For approximately six months I owned this knife. I used it everyday as it far outshined my other henkel chefs knife in balance, cutting efficiency and need for regular sharpening. Until a few weeks ago when I was peeling a clove of garlic with the knife. Lo and behold...I know have a two inch blade attached to the handle and five inches of steel sitting on the countertop. I am currently looking for other brands of this knife style as I was unhappy with the manufactures complete lack of response regarding my complaint 
I grew up with Corelle. My mom still has a complete set she got before I was born. It survived four kids--all boys--and three marriages. I thought it was indestructible. I was wrong. When I lifted the box from Amazon, I could hear shards of glass scraping around inside. I only needed to open one flap to see that, indeed, the entire set was destroyed. However, I should point out that the problem doesn't lie with Amazon. The damage is PURELY the result of Corelle, which clearly didn't intend for this box to be shipped solo. My advice: pick up a box locally at Macy's or Dillard's or something 
This is my first oil sprayer so I can't say this is better than that or whatsoever. I bought it after reading the reviews here. It was working great for few days and I'm not sure how it happened but I saw a tiny hole on the plastic lid and obviously it couldn't hold the pressure anymore. I purchased it from target.com so I'm not sure about the return policy. I'll have to find out. But other than that it was grea 
This low cost loaf pan does everything you would expect a loaf pan to do. It's dark color absorbs enough heat to produce desired browning. It also releases cleanly. The protruding lips serve as handles (although if they were a little bigger they'd be easier to grip while wearing oven mitts). All in all, this is an excellent buy for a loaf pan - you should buy two since many recipes call for making two loaves 
I've had 4 or 5 of these thermometers over the years and when they work they are great. But inevitably the probes fail. You will think its your fault and probably buy a new one. But the reviews show that the probes are not up to the temperature extremes they will be subjected to in a grill or an oven. One solution I've tried that works pretty well, is to keep your receipt, and when the probe fails, take it back where you bought it for a replacement. 
We have been using these for several years now. For refrigerator storage and reheating, we use these containers almost daily. I remember the lids were a bit stiff at first, but not impossible unless you are over 80. After 5 or 6 times through the dishwasher, they were prefect and remain so. They nest nicely and they fit in the dishwasher and come out looking good. The vent is not that exciting a feature, but if it wasn't there you'd have more microwave clanup. Regardless, I highly recommend these 
The 4-cup coffee press is in actuality just 2 cups. The number of ounces is not listed in the sales blurb... What we wanted was 4 cups at 8 ounces each. The 4-cup coffee press is just a bit over 16 ounces. While it says so on the lid of the box it came in, the ounce-capacity is not in the Amazon listing. ...So we returned it.. 
I chose this set of knives because of the Calphalon name (I love my cookware!), German steel use, and the description, "Hygienic fiberglass-reinforced poly resin handle will not absorb moisture, crack, split, or chip." I was disappointed to find that one of the sets I ordered was already showing signs of rust -- even though the set was unused and delivered in a "sealed" box, all four handles had rust marks 
I hardly ever write reviews but I felt the need to on this item. I bought the senseo deluxe last night, I wanted the deluxe model so that I could also make tea. The setup was quick and easy and the price was great compared to the competition. Here's the problem, I brewed a cup of coffee and this was the weakest coffee EVER and I'm not even a big coffee drinker. To make matters worse each pod only makes 4oz of coffee. Who drinks only 4 ounces of anything. You would need to use 2 pods just to make 8 oz and then the coffee is still weak. Which is wear the waste of money comes in. The senseo pods are the same price as the home cafe pods but you will go through them twice as fast. I personally ended up returning this machine and getting a tassimo this morning. I originally bought the Senseo because I didnt want to spend Tassimo money but in the end you pay for what you get. Now the tassimo is great. I've made hot chocolate for my daughter and tea for my son. Everyone likes it. Good luck everyone. 
This blender is very weak. It has a small blade that cannot pull down anything of substance and I had to stir even soft fruit in liquid or it would never get cut up -- just the bottom part of the mix spins around. I used this blender four times since August 2006 (when I bought it) to make 'smoothies', always with poor results. As the other reviewer said, the fruit stays lumpy. The little blades aren't strong enough. Yesterday I wanted to liquify some cooked potatoes for soup. Of course they are thick and starchy, but after the usual 'stirring' to get them to move through the blender, the speed buttons started to vibrate and I could smell the unit getting hot. I wasn't overworking it -- mainly pulsing and then running it for about 30 seconds. All of a sudden, it wouldn't work any more. It just burned out. If you actually cook and expect a blender to blend things, don't buy this blender. I'm going to see if Amazon will take it back. (Note: after I wrote this, I was told by Amazon that I had to get in touch with the manufacturer, which I could do because it was within 90 days of purchase. However, the company wants me to mail in the plug and $5 for 'shipping' to get a replacement, which obviously I don't want. Why would I want to pay $5 more for a product that didn't work the first time? Why would I want the product again at all? Amazon would have taken it back, but they wanted it returned in the box, which I threw out. I'm even more dissatisfied with this product now than when I wrote this review originally. Maybe I can make it into an interesting planter and sell it at a craft fair . . . 
Item exactly as promised. Was a gift for Dad's new wife. She was very happy with it 
This liner is non-slip which is nice and even home made chocolate chip cookies dont stick BUT....it looks dirty and baking residue is sticking to it even after I have put it in the dishwasher. My other liner is a Chef's Planet Full size baking sheet non stick bakeliner and while it can slip a bit and dosn't have a "finished" edge it dose have the advantage of wipe-down clean up and it arrives in a large sheet that you custom cut to fit any baking sheet(s) you will be using it with. Don't buy this liner but do buy the non stick bakeliner from Chef's Planet. It's not as pretty but it works like a charm! After years of buying expensive parchment paper I'll never go back. Also, it's less wastfull to use a bake liner instead of disposable baking sheets or parchment paper 
Works well on carpets not to well anywhere else. The hose attachment is horrible, the hose is about 4 ft long and stiff and is not permanently attached to the vacuum, and when you try to clean furniture the movement losens it and it comes off. I have 2 dogs and 3 cats and I need to be able to clean the furniture. Also when you could use the hose on something all the dirt piled up on the floor where the vacuum stood, it was not pulled into the bag. Very disappointed with it and would not recommend to anyone with pets. 
Although I love the way it clips onto the oven rack, and it's VERY easy to read, it took about 15-20 minutes to "register" the temperature of the oven. 
These sheets feel like you want them too. Heavy and soft. Worth every penny. This is the second time I've bought them from Amazon I can't see any reason to buy any other kind 
I purchased the Robinson Pyrex Candy Thermometer as a replacement for my old, cheap tube thermometer that was giving off readings. My experience was that the probe failed to register temperatures above 100 degrees celcius. It would get there and just freeze. Additionally, the design of the thermometer makes it difficult to read exactly where your temperature is. This makes it unsuitable for most candy-making where the difference of a degree or so could be critical. The physical design of the thermometer feels very sturdy and is a nice stainless. It is rather deceptive since you think you may be purchasing a higher quality tool than you are actually buying. All said and done, after you replace the sugar, flavorings, creams and other ingredients from your spoiled batches of candy...and pay for the gas to run these errands ...the cost of using Robinson's Pyrex Candy Thermometer goes way up. Use a cup of ice water. Or a more reliable brand of candy thermometer. It's much better to shell out the extra dollars and get beautiful consistent results 
I honestly liked the blender a lot. I received it as a gift and it matched the rest of my kitchen's KitchenAid appliances-- range, refrigerator, dishwasher, pretty much everything other than the toaster oven. At the time, there could be no better blender. It looked great. It promised professional performance. It had KitchenAid's brand and durability behind it. I use my blender for making tomato sauce and the occasional fruit smoothie. There is some amount of ice crushing required, but that shouldn't be an issue. I certainly was not a weekly let alone a daily user. So, 3 years after I got the blender, I went to turn it on and it is completely dead-- no light on the on button. Changed outlets and still nothing. It's done. What an incredible dissappointment. But, it seems to me that the KitchenAid brand has really taken an awful turn since it was acquired by Whirlpool(?). First, my dishwasher broke (3 repair jobs) then my stand mixer's seals are loose. I called customer service about trying to buy a replacement thermometer for my range and after endless re-routing, I got no where. The fridge has minor issues (loose rails, pieces not refitting) and is probably the best of the lot. I did some research. Apparently, KitchenAid is just licensing its name out on various products. So, realistically, there is no such thing as KitchenAid quality anymore since they don't make much of anything. Everything is just a re-branded product. Whirlpool is going to milk the brand premium until its reputation catches up to it. From a once KitchenAid loyalist, avoid this product-- yes it's beautiful but it's not going to last. Avoid all KitchenAid products because they really are not what they once were 
I received a blue set for Christmas and I love them. The stay cool handles really stay cool, even if you are cooking something for a long time. They are beautiful and Iloev the way they feel. My Caphalon pans are now collecting dust in the back of the cupboard becuase I like these so much more 
If you buy this this thing, be prepared to cut off about an inch off the tip, 'cause apparently the tip is just there for aesthetics. Plunging this thermometer into boiling water, it won't read accurately (15-20deg under) until at least an inch of the tip is immersed 
I just bought this fan and it is too loud! Even on its lowest setting, the noise is a bit much. It does put out a stiff breeze, but I'm not sure it's worth it. My Black and Decker tower fan is better 
The salesclerk told us that because of previous model recalls, that the new KitchenAid was sure to be a huge improvement, especially with it's price tag. We've tried 2 models and both had problems with error messages. The manual's suggestions do nothing to eliminate this. Also, we've had the same trouble with coffee spewing out. For the price tag, this is a seriously disappointing coffee maker. We finally took it back and are on the look out for a better quality model (NOT KitchenAid). Oddly enough, our other KitchenAid appliances (range and fridge) have also had electronic problems. I wonder what the quality control is on the parts that are being cheaply manufactured, no doubt, in some overseas location. I wouldn't recommend KitchenAid to anyone, regardless of the nice styling and supposed high-quality. 
50% of the bags leak. The plastic is thin and rips easily. Don't even think about using these for uder the bed storage. The bags will get tears on them if you just breate on them heavy. 
They were a little stiff when first opened, but that is to be expected. After just two washings with fabric softener and a couple extra dryer sheets, I fell in love with them. I am now so protective of my sheets, not allowing my husband or children anywhere near them with dirty hands or food! I am going to get an extra set just in case something happens to this set. I would highly recommend buying these and I am very picky 
Unit works great, heats up fast, easy to clean, and much better built than the typical discount store models. It looks like this willlast a long time 
this is a great cutting board if one able to removed all the sticker glue that stays on the cutting board forever. I tried to used what ever i can. the GLUE just keep staying on the board and it turns black 
This is a perfect machine for the office. It takes up very little space,is very simple to use, cleaning is a breeze. You can fill the water tank so that water is ready when you are for a cup of delicious coffee. I purchased this coffee maker for my husband's office and for my wallet. In his building there is a coffee shop but at $[...] a cup and time away from the desk 1 half hour per cup this was an expensive habit. The Melitta paid for itself in a few days. You can't go wrong with this produc 
I am replacing the same product that I have used continually for the past nine years or so. It has been an indispensable part of our kitchen all those years and we hope this new one will continue the tradition 
What can you say about a blender? Pros: Easy to clean, attractive, very powerful Cons: LOUD. The lid doesn't fit well 
I researched many roaster pans before I settled on this and am I glad I did. It offers a truly stovetop worthy construction, no bending or warping, a great v rack, and superb heat distribution. The handles are comfortable and the pan fits perfectly in the oven. Compared to the AllClad, it is less expensive and better performance. A well thought out pan 
I bought it because of the rotisserie function, which I use a lot. This model has no variable temperature control on that function. There are some things I cook at a lower temperature for a longer time to get the proper doneness. I don't know why when they wired the machine they didn't route that function through the temperature control. 
I don't know how anyone could think that the outlast material isn't working. (..of course it has been significantly tested and proven that it works.) At first its cool. After about 5 minutes (depending on the person) outlast starts keeping an even temp.. Now that even temp. may not be as cool as you want - but it never gets much warmer than you are UNLIKE most every other pillow (..even buckwheat pillows which become hotter because of the fabric encasing the buckwheat). The negatives are however: 1. The outlast material needs to be pretty close to your body to work - and it DOES have a distinctive texture that is a broad weave box pattern and is "stiff" (..though after a few washings it becomes considerably softer). You might not like this textural feeling. 2. Other than the outlast, the pillow is nothing special. The support is poor like most pillows, the interesting thing here though is that you can remove the stuffing - and fill it with a material you find acceptable (..if you don't like the standard poly fill), but you will need to do some minor sewing on the seam you opened to remove and replace the filling 
Had this on my Amazon wish list, but then came across it for the same price at a Target store and bought it (sorry Amazon). And I really am pleased so far. My toddler has allergies and his allergist had recommended an air purifier for his room. We did lots of research in looking for the right one that was still affordable. I really like that this one has washable filters. Lots of $$$ savings there. Since getting this, my son has had fewer runny noses and no severe allergy symptons. We've even been able to drop two of his three allergy meds - - not sure yet though if this is due to the seasons, or perhaps we were possibly over-medicating him before, or if this thing really does work that kind of miracle. Either way, fewer snotty noses makes me happy. In regard to the concerns over noise, this one is fairly quiet. I keep it on low pretty much all the time and it is hardly noticeable. My son has no problem sleeping with it running in the same room. The oscillating feature is nice and it has a small nightlight on it that comes in handy. I would definitely recommend the Honeywell HFD 120. 
Yes, It is Just A Ladle, But A VERY HANDY ONE INDEED!!!!! I find myself using this ladle just about everyday, than in the dishwasher and on to tomorrows pot. It is a great quality tool that I am sure to use a lifetime.. 
I couldn't disagree more with the previous reviewer. I purchased the Oster milkshake maker and use it almost everyday. Three of my sons love their shakes super thick...the Oster had no problem with the amount of ice cream. My other son watches his weight for wrestling, and I just put low-fat milk and a little cocoa and the Oster whips up an incredibly thick drink (usually making a glass and a half). If you put in some crushed ice with milk, it also whips up very thick and frothy. I am very pleased 
We purchased the Cuisinart SmartPower blender for smoothies and light duty blending duties. It's a nicely designed unit , very stable on the countertop, but very poor quality gear drive. After a couple dozen uses, the motor gear wheel broke, apparently a common problem on these Cuisinarts, as noted by other reviewers. Cuisinart customer service is worthless - it costs more to ship and repair the unit than to replace it. Replaced the worthless Cuisinart with a Kitchenaid. Would recommend avoiding Cuisinart blenders due to this gear design flaw 
I use this for more than just tea, defrosting frozen veggies, making broth, a few drops on a sponge for cleaning, this thing is the greatest 
I have ordered and returned twice and my third one they sent has the same result. After a few uses it seems to twist off stroke and stays that way. 
These sheets are soft wash well and set the pace for a great night's sleep. I love flannel sheets and these are the best so far. 
I used the four large slider discs to move an 8' x 10' gambrel roofed framed shed a few feet on a cement pad (after building the mini-barn painting it). The move placed it against the fence. It wasn't easy, but they did the job and......the slider discs are still useable though scratched up 
Easy to use, easy to clean. Two major requirements for a kitchen appliance for me to be happy. This thing is easier to clean than my old George Foreman Grill (and that to me was a pain in the neck). The only time it can be a little messy is when you change the oil, which I do every 2 to 3 weeks depending on how much I've used it and what I've cooked. If I'm doing just veggies, I keep the oil. If I do a meat or seafood, I'll change the oil right after. Very pleased overall. 
You truly get what you pay for in this case. We bought the red ones and they have left fuzzies all over the house. In the dryer, you need to check the lint trap frequently, as they shed like mad. They are not smooth and cozy, they have a very high coefficient of friction and it's sorta hard to scootch around on them. I would not recommend. 
Butter can be better when served in a truly elegant country butter pot. Emile Henry Couleurs does not fail. Buy it, you will love it. And, have something absolutely unique -- no kidding 
The first time I used it I put a little white vinegar into the water with the eggs and timer. It seemed to cut down on the plastic smell. Also the vinegar will seal your eggs if they crack preventing the insides from leaking out. I did notice the timer has to be completely dark for the eggs to be done instead of the little light circle in the middle like is stated on the packag 
I bought this set of knives 2 years ago. I have not experienced the rust or pock marks that other reviewers have, and I have been pleased with the way my knives have stayed sharp even with a LOT of use. The purpose for my buying this set was because of the locking feature. I have little children at home and wanted to make the knives inaccessable to them. Unfortunately the locking mechanism is a little too hard to open for me. Mine gets stuck on lock and then I can't get it open without pulling on it with great force. And when you are pulling on something full of sharp knives, that is a little uncomfortable to say the least. I have worried more than once that the force I have had to use to open it would cause the knives to all fly out when it came free. They never have, but it is unnerving. I tried to contact Cuisinart about it, to no avail. No complaints on the knives, and I love that there are extra slots in the block for expanding the set, which I have. But don't buy the product strictly for the locking feature, it is not worth it 
A little less than so-so. You think it is a bargain because of the name. It's not. Get some good steak knives at your grocer's 
These dishes, first of all, are just beautiful. The white looks so wonderful on the table and the presentation is just fabulous. That said, be prepared to buy and buy and buy these if you like the looks of them. They break horribly easily and the cleanup, well, we just won't go there. I've had mine for 10 years and now I'm down to just two of the serving pieces. They break very easily in the oven, in the cabinet, you name it, it's gone. If you're looking for a better one, go for the Le Creuset La Poterie line, or just grab a Longaberger one. They're definitely worth it because you'll just have to keep buying these to keep them looking good and in one piece. I hate trying to clean these after using them so I just don't use them anymore for anything but to mix items. That way, nothing gets baked on them and I am not breaking nails scouring off the mess. I definitely recommend getting something else 
When you bake with the Bavaria pan, you can be sure that the finished product is consistent in shape everytime. The pan bakes evenly and there is a crispness of form when the cake is unmolded 
we are very happy with the knives we've purchased. They are really sharp and do well in the dishwasher 
The Farberware Millennium Soft Touch Stainless-Steel 12-Inch Nonstick Skillet is great for almost any cooking. 
Lots of reviews already, so let's not waste your time: Pros: - easy to setup (no waiting for charcoal or having to buy propane) - easy to clean - practical. U can use it indoor/outdoor - No flames, so it's quite hard to actually burn the food Cons: - Doesn't cook the food 100% evenly. Noticed that the area around the thermostat is hotter. Not by much though, but you can notice the grill marks on the food stronger when near the thermostat - Doesn't get really really hot. If you're trying to cook Brazilian style (large chunk of meat), it might not work out. However, it's great if you cut it into smaller chunks of meat. Overall: I love this so much that some days I use this for lunch and for dinner. There are no pans to clean. Only reason I don't give 5 stars is because it's not even throughout the whole plate. 
If you love to prepare food, these measuring cups are for you. They are very well made and are fairly heavy. No cheap metal here. They feel good in your hand. If cooking is as much of an art as a necessity to you, these will make an excellent addition to your kitchen 
This thermometer lasted about a month before going in to permanent "Hi" mode. What a ripoff 
We thought this was smaller than pictured and not comfortable. We were not pleased with this 
This phone would be great if it did not have the worst static come and go several times throughout a call. It never fails, when I need to make a really important call-- the static is so loud I can't hear at all. Every time we use it the static interrupts our conversation because we can't hear. And Target wouldn't take it back without the box--How long are we supposed to keep the box- reasonably! 
I only used mine once, then tossed it. Wish I would have read these reviews first! Thought it looked good at Kohls. I liked that the grates can be seperated to wash... they do, but it takes a lot of force. Feels like you're going to break them. I should have returned it but I was mad at it and trashed it.. at least it was marked 15% off (still higher than here though). I've been trying to find one like we have. A simple one with a handle. No plastic. I feel they work the best. I think it's an Ecko, but I can't find it anywhere. Target and walmart don't have it 
Sometimes it sprays when she barks, most of the time it doesn't. So I would say its effectiveness has been rather low. It's not the battery or the fill level - maybe it just depends on the dog. I can bark into it myself and it sprays just fine. (My children found this amusing. 
I am usually very pleased with Oxo products, but this one is a BIG disappointment. I have not found it to be good for or at anything. Wished I'd saved the five bucks 
Cuisinart DCO-24 Die Cast is the best can opener. I've owned mine for a year, and love it! If I could give it 10 stars I would. 
Fiesta Scarlet is a beautiful color and the Sugar and Creamer with Tray is really great. Mine arrived broken and I had difficulty returning it so I remain disappointed and unwilling to try again. 
Love these measuring cups. Easy to use and see measurements. No more bending or guessing. Worth the money 
Sigh. Was so excited to receive this item and it arrived today via UPS in pieces. I should have heeded the previous reviewer's warning. Doh! Oh well. Live and learn. Live and learn. Refund, please 
I used to sell cutlery and own a range of knives myself, so I have tried many cutlery products from many different brands. In 2003, I bought these Calphalon Contemporary shears since I did not own a pair of shears. Before I purchased these, I tried a pair of Henckels Twinshear kitchen shears, and felt that they were not as strong and sharp as I would have liked. I was a little worried about the quality of these shears since they were made in China rather than in Germany or Japan, even though newer brands such as Calphalon and Furi are now making far better cutlery than has ever before been made in China. After over a year of using these, I am quite impressed with them. The handles are very comfortable, and the blades are stronger and sharper than the aforementioned Henckels shears. Most impressively, the blades show very little wear, despite the fact I have certainly used them quite often. Also, the handles on these are far better compared to those on the Calphalon Traditional and Stainless shears. In conclusion, I would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for a top-quality, reasonably priced set of kitchen shears 
I am happy with the product quality and with the prompt delivery. The organizer is made of sturdy materials and comes on a very nice chrome hanger 
Image is not the cover we received and needed. Color was correct. The product seemed to be good quality. Very disappointed it was not what we thought it was. Still shopping for a cover to fit a board as shown. Poor Marketing 
I recently broke two of my favorite pieces of Corelle Baking and Serving Dishes. I looked on several sites and it seemed all I could find was the handleless French Style Corningware, which I have and find hard to use due to being without handles. This Bakeware has great handles and I love it. I love the Chutney on the side, I compared this price with ordering just two piece of the same thing in Abundance Design and the oblong baking dish separate and it was $10.00 more without the ramkins. This was a better value 
I've had another press for many years, but I couldn't get to it and had cravings for some Spritz cookies. So... I went out and bought this cookie press and to my amazement was very impressed with all the additional accessories it came with. The press worked beautifully (I've only used the small barrel so far.) I was concerned that it was battery operated, my last one was a plug in model. But it is nice not to be limited to working near a plug. We had no problems with the unit, it worked quite nicely. I'm looking forward to trying out some of the accessory attachments in the future. I would definitely recommend this press to anyone looking to buy a cookie press 
I have owned this blender for two years now and will have to replace it due to one of the plastic mixer pieces snapping off, causing it to continually leak. Unfortunately it appears that I have to buy a whole new unit instead of just the pitcher portion. Overall, there were definitely questions of durability over the years as small pieces broke off one by one, but it did tend to blend things. As a blender alone: It was not the most effective blender I have ever seen but neither was it the worst. It was truly mediocre through and through. As a smoothie maker: the mechanism used for the pour spout didn't allow any chunks to pass through, and it never quite seemed to blend well enough to break up those chunks. So as a smoothie maker it was not a good choice. On the good side, the stainless does look nice... although it was a little tall 
Have been using the set for less than a month. Rust has started to form on the knives just where the blades are fused to the handles - right at the seams. Looks like rust starts from the inside of the handle. Unless design is changed, don't know how replacement knives will be any different. Too bad since knives are sharp and set is designed beautifully 
I used this smoothie machine once, and it made a nice smoothie. The second time it locked up and I could smell something burning in the motor. I used the exact measurements for liquids and frozen fruit, so I'm confident I didn't do anything wrong. I sent it back for a refund immediately. 
Henckels Twin Signature 7-Piece Block Set is exactly what I'd hoped that it would be: a quality set of knives that is ideal for the home. The set of Henckels that I've owned since the mid-80s finally gave in to a lot of use, sharpenings and dishwashings (dishwashing a good knife is a nice way to shorten the handle's life expectancy!). But 20 years of great service from my previous set of Henckels certainly warranted a loyal update/upgrade to another Henckels set. And I am not disappointed. The new set is quite sturdy. Home users will be impressed with their strength; pros might be used to a higher standard, but I used to work in a professional kitchen and I can't see how these would not be as effective as anything a pro has. These knives come out of the box SHARP too...a lot sharper than the sharpest that I've ever had my previous set sharpened to. There were two descriptions from Amazon that tell you what you get; one of Amazon's descriptions included a carving knife (product description) and the other a peeling knife (what's in the box). Amazon seems to have corrected the error as of this updated 2-13-2006 writing. To be sure, here's what you actually get: - 2 1/2" peeling knife - 4" paring knife - 5" serrated knife - 8" chef's knife...this baby cuts through a roast like a hot knife through butter even though it's designed for chopping and dicing. In my opinion, it's better than a carving knife. - a sharpening steel - kitchen shears - and a storage block with 11 slots which is great because some of the knives, especially the serrated knives, from my old set are still in mint shape (like the 8" bread knife), so there's plenty of room in the block for knives in your current collection looking for a new place to sleep. No 8" carving knife. But like I said above, the 8" chef's knife works better than any carving knife that I've used. The only things missing from this set for the average home is a nice large bread knife (as I said this was not a problem for me) and steak knives (also not a problem as most households already have these). Plain and simple, this is a great set of food preparation knives that--if my previous set is any indication--will last for decades. Bon Appetite. 
I love this wok. Heavy duty compared to woks you buy at oriental stores. I highly recommend it 
This is a well designed and manufactured tool. The locking feature makes it convenient to store in a drawer and the black rubber handle makes the tongs comfortable to hold. I don't know how I did without this tool before. Another hit for the GOODGRIPS brand 
First of all, they aren't really intended for the novice user, but they are perfect for the long run. The wooden ones WILL rot before you ever get skilled with them, but these stainless steel ones will take a licking and keep on picking. One thing the description doesn't say, is that they ARE made to be used as chopsticks and they can really function like them. Maybe on the descriptions from before they said they are slippery and they don't have any grip. I never had any problem with that depending on what I tried to grab. I was able to grab chopped steaks and even some vegetables with these utensils, though I haven't tried noodles yet. Another thing I need to point out that the description doesn't. These utensils aren't round. The handles are square, as the points are rounded. The tips are blunted so grabbing things becomes awkward until you learn to get "around" the item you want to pick up. If you know how to use chopsticks and pick up things with them, you'll only have a very slight adjustment to make with these. All in all, for their originality and how they are made, I give them a four and a half out of five. If you wanted chopsticks to replace fickle and often unwashable wooden ones, these are the kind you want to get, definately 
Pros: The oven part works great. I like the fact that it is controlled by a timer, meaning that you can set somthing to cook for 20 minutes and then it turns itself off. For cooking things, the double rack is also handy, although you only get one pan (luckily, I saved the pan from my old toaster oven). Cons: The toaster part is horrible. This thing burns my toast every time, unless I watch it carefully and take it out at precisely the right time. Part of the problem seems to be that the timer doesn't work very well in small increments, and in some cases never turns itself off. Also, the bottom rack is completely useless when toasting, so the fact that they are touting this as a 6-slice toaster oven is misleading. 
I'm sticking with the lighter colors due to scratching. My persimmon 16 piece setting arrived with two dinner plates scratched. I think next time I'll order them as individual place settings as they weren't packed well. Amazon will give me a 20% discount for keeping them. 
I have used other egg cookers before, I like this one, but I am having to guess on the amount of water to get thew right soft boiled eggs. Mine keep coming out almost hard boiled even though I use the soft boiled marks. 
I bought this product because the box says "no more ice chunks." There is even an "icebreaker" setting. I wanted a way to make slushies. However, the manual says you are to use the "icy drink" setting when crushing ice. I am not sure if or when a person is supposed to use the "icebreaker" setting! Also, the whole ice crushing process requires many steps and more than a blender. First, you have to pour water in before you can crush the ice. Once you press the "icy drink" setting, you pour out the excess water into a collander. Even after all that, there are chunks in the ice. No slushie for me! I gave this product just 1 star because I hate misleading advertising. I will now have to take time out of my crammed schedule to return this product 
The first time I used it, the weld holding the scoop to the handle broke, leaving the scoop in the ice cream and the handle in my hand 
OXO designs great products and this is no exception. It does the job well and the ergonomics put it over the top. I just don't understand how anyone could have a problem with this product -- it does exactly what it's meant to do with ease. I liked it so much, I bought one for my aunt. Before this, I made mashed potatoes with a masher; the difference is unbelievable. I kept my masher because I'm a Southern girl and sometimes I want lumpy mashed potatoes. This is easy to clean -- throw it in the dishwasher 
I have other Oxo items that I like very much, but these Stainless Steel Measuring Cups are a big disappointment. I also experienced the handle bending easily when packing in brown sugar. They will be in my next yard sale 
I bought this sheet set almost 5 months ago they have actually become my favorite sheets. I have several sets, and many of them were quite exepensive, but i always seem to reach for these sheets. The only time we use another set is when we are washing these. They are very soft stretchy (not too stretchy)and wash up so nice(they hold the dryer warmth so well)! This set has been great during the summer i think will also be great during the colder months with a heavier blanket. You couldn't get a better set anywhere near this price! 
I love this coffee pot! It makes a great pot of coffee, keeps it hot to that last cup, cleans like a champ and looks fabulous all at the same time!! I highly recommend this item. A french press makes the best coffee and I'll never have to worry about breaking another glass carafe 
This electric water heater feels very solid and well built. When filled to 1.7 liters, it takes about 6 min 30 seconds to boil. The kettle automatically shuts off when it boils and makes a nice bell noise when finished. I thought this would be annoying, but it is not! Also, when switched on, there is a nice white LED lighting up the water supply making it easy to read. My only complaint about this kettle is that it is rather loud (which is why I only gave it 4 stars) when it is on. A few moments after the switch is turned on, it makes this rumbling noise for the entire duration of operation 
No I don't think it's the problem with my washer and dryer, they are new units. Now only with great difficulty can I put them on my queen bed. and they claim they have deep pockets! I do believe it is a quality problem 
I have owned this for years and LOVE it. The directions indicate that for 1 lb of coffee, you add 5 cups of water and let it sit (for hours). I actually add 9 cups of water and the coffee concentrate works just fine. I fill my ice cube trays with the coffee, then bag the cubes so that I can use it over time. It is delicious every time when you put the concentrate in a 3 to 1 ratio with water (American coffee) or less for stronger coffee (e.g., espresso). I particularly like to use these cubes for iced coffee -- it comes out nice and strong, not watered down. A final bonus to the toddy maker: used coffee grounds are a folk remedy for fire ants. If you have them and you want them gone without throwing a bunch of chemicals in your garden. Put these atop their nest (but watch yourself!). They leave pretty quick. 
After 3 years, and oddly enough three different replacement robots, the battery finally lost its ability to charge. Being a product that has one model made by one manufacturer, I was very surprised to find the battery at a significantly lower price at Amazon. The product works as one would expect, it charged right up and it runs my Roomba, as long as it doesn't blow up like a laptop battery, I will continue to enjoy a product that makes my life a little easier. Now if they could come up with a robot that washes and folds laundry, now that would be a "must have" product 
I saw many good reviews for this toaster and a few bad ones too. I took my chances and ordered one anyway. Cuisinart is not testing these toasters. It took 10 seconds for me to see that the inner elements are not heating up. They are cleaning them, possibly changing the elements, and shipping them. My guess is that it is just cheaper not to test them. Big mistake. It's harder to win back customers than to keep them. 
I received the 14.4 volt vacuum for Christmas 2004. After a full charge, it lasts less than a minute. It would be great if the battery lasted, but it doesn't. Go with another product and save your money on this piece of junk 
This unit simply does not do the job. Press makes irregular shaped tortillas and they CANNOT be easily removed from the wax paper. Better job can be done with 2 dinner plates. Save your money 
It's a pretty good down pillow. It's well filled and doesn't feel too low to me. The label on the pillow itself states minimum 75% down, but I couldn't feel any feathers, so the down quality is decent. The cover is nice and it doesn't smell more then any other new down pillow. The pillow is machine washable, so you can wash it to get rid of smell faster 
These ramekins are perfect for flan, custard, pudding, and the like. They are beautiful, yet very heavy duty. After buying one set in cherry red, I bought another set in flame 2 weeks later. These are a definate must buy 
I've only had this thermometer for about a week, but so far, it does exactly what it's supposed to -- stays in place at the back of the oven and displays the temperature using numbers large enough that I can read them easily without opening the oven door. Very satisfied 
I searched for years trying to find a nice, plain white butter dish. This one is perfect -- it blends in well with all my other dishes. It is study, attractive, and holds a stick of butter. What more could you ask of a butter dish 
Had to turn in the first unit I bought for a replacement because a small plastic piece on the filter basket door broke, rendering the door useless. The replacement has worked fine, but I am very careful in swinging the door open. Can't understand the nitpicking of other reviewers on the spillage when pouring from the carafe, and the forming of air bubbles in the water level tube. Both problems are easily solved by pouring slowly enough. As to the peeling of the coating on the heating plate, I haven't had that happen either in the original unit or the replacement. I agree the instructions for setting the time on the clock and for the timer are a little complex - every time we have a power outage I have to refer to the manual to reset times. However, the timer feature has worked without fail, unlike the Mr. Coffees I've had. I need to add that the poor visibility of the display is annoying. Unless I'm missing something, it's backlit only when the unit is on or you're resetting times. Every coffeemaker has its pros and cons, for this one the pros far outweigh the cons. Overall, a fine machine which makes great coffee (hint: if you disagree with the great coffee try one of the Caribou coffees - the combination is terrific) 
I have to echo some of the other customers' negative sentiments below - this thing never really worked well. Recently I noticed it had completely died; I think I used it all of 6 times. There have to be better models out there - I wouldn't recommend this one 
The description does not tell you that you still have to add water to unit in addition to the gel packs. I chilled my chardonnay for seven minutes and it was still warm. I had to chill it for 20 minutes to get it cold enough to drink. Gel packs don't allow you to chill several bottles without having to refreeze them or add ice to the machine. 
These small cups come in handy for making custard, warming baby food and for individual servings of snacks, and food items,etc. Delivery was prompt. They don't seem to be available in the department stores or discount stores anymore so was delighted to find them on line. Lynn Martin in Va 
Le Creuset baking dishes are an investment in good cooking for a lifetime. This 11 1/2-Inch size oval dish is similar in size and shape to a medium-sized au gratin. It is large enough to bake two large fish fillets or four boneless chicken breasts or a casserole. Many times, I double a casserole recipe and put half in this dish and then freeze it for later use. I bring the dish right from the oven to the table for serving, and I find its clean-up is easy afterward 
I love my Keurig coffee maker but missed some of my very special coffees. Now I can grind and brew my favorites with this filter 
When I bought this thing 3 years ago I thought I might do kabobs on it but not only does it cook kabobs beautifully it also cooks tandoori chicken and tandoori bread! I can't have an open flame grill where I live, and when I bought this I used it in the apartment. Now I take it on my patio to grill. I like the see-through lid which most of these grills don't have. It's too bad they've discontinued this produc 
The convenience tempted me to try this for $20 at my local grocery. Poorly executed constructed, the pods were too expensive bland. Will be donating this to charity 
I love using them and when washed in fabric softener they are great. It is a great deal. Was kind of worried before purchase from reading some of the other reviews but after having had them a week, my whole family loves them. They are much better than the more expensive famous designer towels that I have. For people who are complaining about these towels, go price similar items at your local high end department stores 
I've had this toaster for four years now. It just started going down hill recently. -It started toasting too darkly on the settings I had consistently used for years. -The digital setting knob no longer works, it is stuck on 4. -It only shuts off when manually popped up. I have to agree with other reviews that said it doesn't toast very even. I've noticed this in my four years of use. So if your willing to pay the price for it to last 4 years get it. If not, try another with better reviews 
So when it came up on my Gold Box offers, I knew I had to have it ! It is great ! Beautiful, sleek and also useful ! It looks great in my yellow kitchen too ! The pitcher is heavy duty without feeling too heavy. Makes a nice piece on your table during that special dinner at home 
this set of knives is simply incredible - a MUST for any kitchen, especially a small one or if you just do a lot of quick small tasks. these things are SHARP, and, as standard for henckels, supremely made. 
The decription says it is a 9x5 loaf loaf dish. I was thrilled. I have been looking all over to find one that size in glass. I was so mad and disappointed when I opened the box and it was 8.5 x 4.5. That wasn't what I ordered. And yes when baking bread there is a difference. I am still waiting on my postage-paid return label so I can ship this back. This would have been a great deal, except I already have the 8.5 x 4.5 pans. They need to change the dimensions in the description. Buyer beware! 
The information on the pages that pertain to this hose needs to be changed to reflect the fact that the hose DOES NOT fit Hoovers with a HEPA system. It only fits Hoovers with product #'s beginning U53.., U54.., U64.. I ordered it along with a new Windtunnel that has a Hepa system, since the product information stated that these 2 items were bought together by other people. Unfortunately, it does not state that these people (now including me) have to return the hose because it does not fit all Windtunnels. So be sure to check and doublecheck before you buy. .. 
Regarding the "glue" issue. The cutting board came to me as described in Lisa Dryer's review below: shrink-wrapped in plastic. However, the product's label was adhered to the surface of the cutting board with a big glob of what appears to be that clear sticky stuff they use to hold inserts in magazines, etc. .....and it adheres to bamboo, for sure. I managed to get most of it off, but a thin layer remains. I figure that "Goof-Off" or some other solvent would get rid of it, but I don't want to put poison on something that'll be holding my food. One solution is to use only one side of the cutting board. Otherwise, it appears to be a perfectly fine product 
to begin with.. this pan heats up even and fast. i have a hard anodized circulon non-stick pot, a copper bottom skillet, and this calphalon pan. the heat distribution is excellent, and unlike the copper bottom pan, the calphalon is light and easy to use. BUT, the good stops here. the stick problem is bad, and my stainless steel copper bottom pan sticks less than this calphalon skillet. since it's not a non-stick pan, some sticking is expected, but clean up is just pain. regular soaking over nite will NOT help sometimes. if u cook vegitable and small amount of meat, this pan is good. but never fry egg or cook steak in this pan. avoid anything that will carmalize or contain high sugar. i once cooked some balsamic vinegar mushroom with brown sugar in this pan, and it took me forever to get it clean again since the sugar carmalization litterally stuck to the bottom. 
These sheets are not quality. They are no way equal to the value that the seller has assigned to them. The jersey material is very thin and the construction technique is inferior. They are NOT a bargain 
The KitchenAid Professional 5 Plus (KV25G0X) is a great product, but you should buy it elsewhere. We ordered it from Amazon, and got the Commercial (KM25G0X) instead. We did not want that, so contacted customer service. They said they'd exchange it, but they sent us another KM25G0X. No good, obviously. Then, the customer service representative claimed they could not reliably get in touch with the warehouse, so they had no idea whether they ever actually would get the item they advertise. They said they sometimes substituted similar products. Great. At this point we gave up, and ordered instead straight from the manufacturer 
After suffering for years with blade grinders and cheaper burr grinders, I decided to take the plunge and get the Capresso Infinity in brushed chrome. This grinder addresses all the problems I had with the lesser machines: it's fairly quiet, free of static, grinds evenly, and is easy to clean (although unless you use really oily beans, you shouldn't need to clean it very often). I don't make espresso, but I've used it to grind coffee for moka pots, French press, and drip coffeemakers, all with great success. Just a note on its construction: the difference between the chrome versions and the ABS plastic version is more than just the finish or a metal skin. The chrome versions have a "zinc die-cast housing," weigh almost twice as much as the ABS plastic version, and are very stable. Also, as usual, Amazon has inflated the price to make it seem like they're offering us a bargain when they're not. The list price on the manufacturer's website is $139.99, not $190. I got mine locally at Sur la Table 
This is NOT Aubergine, a dark purple like the color of eggplant skin, but it is a light, bright purple. Sitting on my kitchen countertop, it is a very formidable sight first thing in the morning; glowing, shimmering in kitchen flourescent lighting. Caveat emptor, unless you're color blind or really like bright purple 
After reading all the reviews and hearing about this on the radio, I went ahead and shelled out $100 for this. I had really high expectation, having never spent so much for a heater before. I have happy to say that I am completely satisfied. This heater doesn't overwhelm and dry out the room with too much heat. Instead it circulates the heat over time (you should probably give it a good half hour to properly heat the whole room) evenly heating the whole room and leaving absolutely no cold spots. After spending some time in my room, I had completely forgotten how cold it was outside. Other bonuses are that it is very easy to operate and has a thermostat so you can set it to the exact termerature that you want your room to be. My only minor complaint is that for its price, it should have included a remote control. Otherwise, it is a wonderful heater 
We purchased a DeLonghi toaster oven and both the toaster and oven functions stopped working right after the one year warranty expired. We barely used this product. When contacting customer service we were told that there were no replacement parts available for our model and there was nothing we could do and nothing they would do for us. My $20 toastmaster lasted more than 15 years! This is the lsat time I buy a toaster based on appearance 
These tools are made of high quality materials, and they look very nice. However, the ends of the handles are so thick and heavy that if you leave them propped on the side of a shallow pot or pan, or on the counter, they are very prone to flip out of the container or off of the counter, carrying food with them to the kitchen floor. This happened to me twice while cooking thanksgiving dinner. I will not throw them away, but I would never buy them again. 
The main problem with my bed was the featers were pocking me while I was sleeping no matter what I put on the top of the feather bed. Not anymore after I bought this magic cover. Now I can enjoy my new bed without paying the price of being tortured all night by the small needle like feathers :) 
The top portion of the freezer works great. The bottom drawer portion sounded great - no more digging to see what's at the bottom. The reality is that the bottom drawer is only useful as overflow from my refrigerator. I don't put anything in that part that I'm not willing to store at regular refrigerator temperatures. It's a disappoinment 
I thought the four 4.5 inch springform pans would be equivalent to one 9.0 inch springform pan. After all, the areas are equal, i.e. 4 * 2.25 * 2.25 * pi == 4.5 * 4.5 * pi. I thought I could use the recipe for a 9-inch cheesecake and have 4 4.5-inch cheesecakes that tasted the same but were a more convenient size for giving as gifts. However, while the areas are the same, the volumes are not. The pans are not deep enough. While a 9-inch springform pan is 3 inches deep, these 4.5-inch springform pans are 1.5 inches deep. Therefore, if you use the recipe for a 9 inch cheese cake, you have a lot of batter left over. If you half the recipe, you produce baked goods that taste something like cheesecake but not as dense or as moist or as rich. I was very disappointed in these pans. They may be good for something, but I don't know what. They are well-made, so I won't throw them away, but right now I feel like they were a waste of money 
Initially I was very surprised by how large the tools were. They are much bigger than any tool I've bought previously. If you don't have much space in the kitchen, I'd think twice about buying these tools. However, after using them I think they are quite sturdy and useful. Eventhough they are large, they are not heavy and sometimes there size is quite helpful. You can pick up a whole fried egg with the spatula, for example. I am happy with my purchace, because the price was good 
I love this vacuum! It is great for doing quick jobs around the house, vacuuming the stairs and vacuuming up the lint in the laundry room. I would highly recommend this little vacuum to anyone. I love that you can use it like a dustbuster to clean to car or use the long arm to do regular cleaning 
These knives are already showing spots of rust despite washing by hand drying. Very disappointed in quality of finish 
The only 2 foods it grates well are parmesan and chocolate, as long as the chocolate is cold, not worth the money, I think I'd rather use my small hand held gater. It was a good try, but I won't buy another one 
I bought T-fal's top of the line Avantis iron even though I only have light ironing to do. It broke in less than a year - losing heat completely. T-fal would not stand behind it. I wrote to them several times. They insisted on the original sales receipt despite the fact I had the charge on my American Express bill. They had no technical advise either. Read other Amazon reviews on their products breakdowns! I've paid half as much for irons that lasted for years. Avoid this turkey and this company. I'll never buy another T-fal product and neither should you 
I had a hard time with this product. The item does not cut the dough well and the ravioli kept opening as a result of this. In my opinion, I like the size of a 12 count ravioli maker better. This 10 count makes ravioli thats too large 
I purchased this item from a well known home shopping TV show. After 4 months, it's no longer working. Also, it is advertised as being able to be put into the diswasher. I have an average size diswasher and it DOES NOT FIT!! I have contacted the manufacturer and will return it for repair or replacement! Note, when it worked it was great! I mainly purchased it for the reversable grill 
This product did not even approach what was described. A bagutte pan needs to have a decent-sized curvature so a bagutte shape will be obtained. This pan would have produced a fairly flat loaf 
These beautiful square dishes were the inspiration for my purchase of a complete service for 12 plus serving pieces. I love them! They have a very contemporary look, and they are very durable. What is also nice is the fact that they are larger than your average luncheon/salad plate too 
I finally just threw them out. They were apparently cured with some chemical and the smell was terrible. 
Lodge logic has exploded from a small corner shop in one lonely town in Vermont, to a nationwide powerhouse ready and eager to bust down to the door to your house and fill your kitchen with finest in waffle press technology. I'm of course referring to the cutting edge Finnish design that lodge has presented here. I'm able to pretty much press out an entire course of breakfast in well under an hour with this thing, easily producing a feast fit for the third reich. 
I have the large one tried to use it on coffee.... can't get it to work. Love the rest of the products 
Very lightweight - can use it on a magazine even - clipping it to the bottom of the magazine works well. Plenty of light to read by too - I sometimes don't need my reading glasses when using it 
Air Purifiers were recently reveiwed by Consumer Reports Magazine. They are quite ineffective and can be dangerous to your health. For further info, read article in Consumer Reports 
I was happy with the performance of the strainer...easy to clean, fit well over the edges of pans, etc. But only a month after I received it, the handle snapped right off. I was draining a can of vegetables, so it doesn't seem to me that was overdoing it. I'll definitely check the fastenings on the next strainer I buy 
This vacuum is rather good. It meets or exceeds the dustbuster versions. I've got only one gripe, and that's the base. It isn't exactly easy to put on and take off. It could also do with a bigger compartment, but that's really minor. After all, this is just for small tasks. Love the motorized sweeper attachment 
I'm thoroughly impressed by this set of inexpensive skillets: each of the three are the right size for my use: Small skillet for nice round pancakes, larger skillet for general stir-fry, the griddle for bacon, eggs and toasting bread (with more than enough real-estate to cook two of three at the same time - could have crammed in the bacon but that releases too much fat). The best part about this entire set is that it cleans up so well - i'm coming from some lousy Tefal (remember when they were actually a premium brand with good quality? those times have long gone) which stained really badly, not to mention the nonstick flaking off after a couple uses. I've even tried some of the el-cheapo calphalons (another premium brand going downhill) from amazon and they chip and wear fast right out of the box. I'm now a convert to farberwear - they are inexpensive and has really held up to the test of time (this is in reference to my stainless-steel set I purchased right after college 10 years ago - they're still going strong and is testament to their quality even if they don't have the name or pricing to show for it). 
I found this sealer to be difficult to use. It is very difficult to get a good vacuum seal due to the clumsy method of putting the bags in a nozzle. Extreme pressure is needed to hold down and lock the top in order to create the vacuum and seal the bag. If you let up on the pressure, the vacuum seal is broken. I returned mine and would never buy another Rival sealer product again 
My old flatware set was worn out and after 15 years I couldn't expect any more out of it. I searched for quite a bit to find the right setting for my family. This set is quality made, dishwasher safe and all around great! The size seemed a bit large at first (especially the Forks), but we've gotten used to that now and enjoy this set! 
I love this spatula. When it comes to getting the last bit of dough or sauce out of the bottom of a bowl, it's perfect. The soft silicone head easily contours itself to the bottom of the bowl to get every last bit. It's also incredibly stick free. I made fondue last night and after pouring it all into the serving dish, I wiped the cheese off the spoon with a finger, rinsed it, and it was clean! It is also incredibly heat resistent. My household has a lot of spatulas with burn marks all along the handle from resting on the side of a pot on the stove. I've had this spatula for over two years and it's still burn free. I love it 
This is a disapointment for me. I ordered these sheets in white, and recieved ivory. (unlike other reviewers I am not talking about a tinge of ivory, my package said IVORY instead of WHITE.) I would return these sheets, but they are a gift for my mother, and since they took so long to ship, I won't have time to get her anything else! I have never had a bad experience with Amazon products, some of the third party sellers could be better, but usually Amazon it's self is pretty good. Not in this case! The sheets do feel nice, and hopefully they work out for my mother, but I am keeping my paperwork and packaging just incase she runs into any problems! Buyer Beware: $200 dollar sheets for $30 is TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE 
I purchased these pans based on my previous positive experiences with Calphalon cookware--have tons of it, but I experienced the same problem as two other reviewers--that is, the slumping in the middle. I have been cooking for over 30 years and have never experienced this problem, especially since I have a new Kitchen-Aid convection oven. Also, the non-stick is not so non-stick. At their prices, I think they have a little work to do to meet other Calphalon products 
I have had this gadget for a little over a year as we got it as a wedding gift. I had not used it as it did not seem worth the trouble to plan on getting it out ahead of time and charging it for 15 hours when I could use a manual grater right when I needed it. Last week, I needed to shred some cheddar for a recipe. I read the instructions front to back, allowed it to charge the full amount of time, and I was pretty excited when it came time to try it out. Right from the start, I knew it was junk. You are supposed to be able to lift the piece of plastic up and have it stay in the up position while you change the blade. Not mine. The plastic piece kept coming off, and dozens of tries to keep it upright resulted in dozens of failures. I decided to look past that and judge purely on the shredding ability. Once I started trying to grate, I had a really hard time getting the thing to shred. I tried varying degrees of pressure. As others commented, the cheese does get stuck EVERYWHERE. Then, the cheese that does come out is in tiny little shreds. I did not get the nice big shreds that I am used to with my manual grater. My husband thought I was doing it wrong, so he tried it. He had the same result. I will not even sell this at a rummage sale or give it to goodwill, because people are better off without it. Since it was a gift, I'm glad I'm not out any money. It is going in the trash 
The frother is great! Easy to use etc. The espresso temperature is 140 degrees F when measuring the stream of coffee coming from the machine after the machine has warmed up for 6 minutes. At that LOW temperature you can't extract the flavors and aroma required for a great cup of espresso. Other reviews stating it can take 5 minutes to brew a cup of espresso are accurate. This occurs when the grind is too fine. I've had this machine for over a year and it is NOT recommended. I use it mainly for the frother and make the espresso in another machine. To add insult to injury, the chrome like decal on the machine has an air bubble under it so it looks cheap. I thought it was chrome undil the decal started to get this bubble. Previously I had a Gaggia which is superior in every manner, and cheaper also. The only reason I rated it 2 stars is because of the frother. 
I have a few of these wash clothes sitting in my bathroom closet. They're beautiful in design and give you an excellent clean feeling after you've used them (with soap and water, of course). Looking forward to a shower just got a whole lot better 
This tabletop fan is a telling reason why Vornado has been around for a long time. Great air output, high quality, well-built, very quiet on low speed, adjustable so you can tilt it at any angle you want, and just small enough to fit on your desk, table, or in our case, the bathroom counter. My wife uses this fan to cool off in the bathroom while getting ready in the morning, and it really does the job. It has a very focused air flow so she can aim it on herself without bothering me. It's very smooth running, so there's no danger of it vibrating off the counter. It costs a bit more than the typical portable fan, but then there's nothing more frustrating than having a fan that won't cool you off. No worries with this one! The extra money is well spent here. This fan lives up to the saying, "You get what you pay for" 
This is the best spatula I have ever owned, and I have owned entirely too many. It is strong and wide and slightly curved at the front edge to fit my pans. The front edge is also nice and thin so it slides right under any food. And it cleans up like magic-no holes for junk to get stuck in. And you can rest it right on the skillet without it melting or lay it on the counter because the handle is curved in such a manner as to keep the head from resting on the countertop. Seriously-the best spatula ever 
Tired of exploring every possible way to ruin a pot of rice, I was looking forward to something that would do the job well and consistently. No such luck with this one! First, it uses a different measuring system for the rice ("rice cooker cup")than it does for the water ("regular measuring cup"), so if you need more or less than the few amounts they list it's back to guesswork again! Worse though, is that the amount of water they call for is hugely more than is actually needed, so it boils very fast while pumping out all the excess water as steam. For those who might like to take a steam bath while they cook this would be great. One might figure out how to adjust the measuring, but there seems no way to slow the boiling down to lessen the steam output. Since water boils at the same temperature, fast or slow, it makes no sense. Yet another gripe is that it automatically goes into "warm" mode when it is finished. May be handy to have the warm option, but if you don't realize it's done and its left on "warm" for ten minutes the rice turns into a solid slab. It seems very well made, and handsome Bau-Haus design, but unfotrtunately I can't use it because of the above problems. Others' experience may vary. Keep in mind I'm very good at ruining rice. I just don't need help doing it! David 
I've had this knife for years, use it for everything and couldn't be happier. I thought it would dull easily or wear down, after all it's only $10, but I was wrong. Simply fantastic for cutting bread, but also useful for vegetables and other tasks. The only thing it doesn't cut well is meat 
This Bundt Pan is great. The Cakes come out cooked evenly, moist, and removes easily from the pan. Made 3 cakes using this pan everyone loves them! This bundt pan is going to be used alot more!!! I love it! 
The angled slots are useful and easier than top loaders. The right pull pushes the bread up once toasted, I love this feature. The bagel toaster is handy as is the stop button. All of the buttons and pulls are easy and intuitively obvious, you don't need a degree to operate it. It looks interesting on my counter since it doesn't look like the typical toaster. I would have given 5 stars except for the fact that a large slice of bread doesn't fit all the way in, the slots could have been a bit larger. They are wide enough for fat bread. I really like this toaster so far. 
We had this machine at work and made maybe 6 cups a day on a busy day. Within a month the machine broke - Keurig did replace it right away but then the second broke as well (a co worker bought one for his home and had the same problem!!). they gave us an upgrade on the model and this one is still going. The Coffee was good but the tea was not. Most importantly people is IT IS WASTEFUL. WITH LITTLE PLASTIC CUPS FILLING UP THE GARBAGE, AND IN OUR CASE TWO MACHINES IN THE DUMP. COME ON PEOPLE LETS HAVE SOME CONSCIOUS COMSUMERISM AND SLOW DOWN. What ever happened to putting the coffee in a paper filter and pouring hot water over it and letting the fragrance wrap around you. If you are that busy and needy for coffee instantly maybe you should be looking at the job ads or self help books and not over priced hunks of wasteful plastic for greedy americans 
I have recived serveral comments on how good these knifes look. I am in fact very pleased with the way they look, but even more important is how well they perform. They cut wonderfully (for me at least, but I'm used to cheapy knifes). Yes they will in fact rust, although I haven't had this problem with my set (had them for about four months now) because I only handwash them and dry them immediately. One steak knife found it's way into the dishwasher and sure enough it came out with a little rust spot, this was easily removed with a little steel wool. You just have to weight the benefits of the all metal knifes to those that are wood handled or plastic 
i got the white color version and was happy about it but this one is half the goods/worth 
This is my third handmixer in a year, finally got something exactly what I wanted. Great value and powerful. I highly recommended this product especially for those of u who need it for making different kind of doughs. 
BUYER BEWARE! I agree with the other reviews, these plates are BEAUTIFUL! Great size and shape. However, I used them for the first time last night at a dinner party and the bottoms of the plates and cups are so rough they scratched my solid oak, espresso stained table! Each place a cup or plate was set that wasn't on a placemat there were small scratches left behind. If you always use a table cloth or have a granite or stone table they would be fine, but I wouldn't ever put them on a quality wood table again. Fortunately Amazon makes returning easy 
I am very impressed with this set. The pans are of heavy guage steel and have rolled edges. I had 3 pounds of chicken on the cookie sheet and with a one handed lift the pan did not flex as my other pans did, again heavy guage steel. The handles and the nonstick surface have had no problems at 450 degrees. Other brands that I have used deteriorate rapidly at 400 degrees or above. Keep in mind I am not a cook and by my very method of cooking (set oven to high and wait til you smell something burning) I am very hard on pans of any kind. A very high quality product that I would have gladly paid 50 bucks for. By the way, the cooling rack is nonstick as well. 
This mixer runs too fast, even in it's lowest setting. The beaters tend to throw food out of the mixing bowl. Uncontrolable. Would not suggest purchasing 
This machine is the only sub-$3000 machine I could find that would make a cappuccino with the push of one button. However, after an hour of trying, I could not get the machine to do anything other than display a message saying the grind was too fine. The DeLonghi service number blamed it on the plastic float in the water reservoir, the simplest and cheapest looking mechanism imaginable. I was having second thoughts about their quality control for a machine whose all-plastic construction did not inspire confidence to begin with, when the service person, after conferring with a colleague, decided there could be something more seriously wrong with the machine and that I should exchange it. Knowing that super automatics in general are not known for their reliability, I envisioned years of chronic problems with this machine. I opted for a refund from Amazon instead and am relieved I did 
Love those Irobot products and everything they're capable of doing. In fact, this was my third purchase, but my first remanufactured product. What a headache! The product worked correctly just three times, then died. Both technical support and customer service from Irobot were helpful and prompt, but still took weeks to resolve the issues. I tried a different way of recharging, which didn't work. Then they replaced the battery, but that still didn't solve the problem. Ultimately I had to send the product back, then waited more than a month for a replacement, which was on backorder. Finally, they substituted a different model, and which works just as advertised. I'd never buy another remanufactured model. But I still believe in Irobot. 
I used to have the Calphalon Commercial Non-Stick and I prefer these. The stainless steel pans seem to heat up faster, are easier to handle and you can put them in the dishwasher (although Calphalon prefers you handwash them). No problems yet and I don't forsee any. A great purchase 
I too have experienced the water tank caving in and not working properly if you forget to take the water tank out of the steamer unit, and mind you, you must also remove the cap from the water reservoir even after you remove it from the steamer. I have tried putting hot water in the tank in an attempt to regain its original shape to no avail. I would not recommend buying this steamer for this reason 
Well, I can't say that I didn't like this thing at first. It came with a little scoopy to dig out your coffee beans and grinds. At first it seems like a nice little unit. I poured a pot of water into it in order to do away with any oils left over from manufacturing. I say you should run 3 pots of water through it before use (filterless of course). After a few uses, I noticed that the carafe does spill out onto the counter if you do not pour slowly. If you want your coffee now and have no time to pour, don't get this item. After having this machine for 3 weeks now, and using it constantly every morning, I have finally decided that it is near total crap. I just made a pot of coffee this morning when the machine decided it would spurt some hot air water which caused the grinds blow all over the place. Spilling out of the top onto the carafe and drooling hot coffee and grinds all over the counter. How nice. If you're going to buy a cheap coffee maker, spend the extra 5 or 6 dollars and get a semi-decent one. Toastmaster should stick to toasting. If you do decided to get this, buy some towels and a mop as well 
As a long time critic of kitchen tools and ALL Miracle Whip applicators, I was skeptical when I was presented with this device. It uses the same "scraper/spatula" design that has been prevalent in the United States since the release of the Tupperware model R. At first glance I was not impressed with this tool. It was nothing flashy, although I must admit the red color was quite innovative. But, the real test would have to come when I put it into service. She wasn't as stiff as some of the hard plastic models I have tested, but not as floppy as most silicone models I have labored through. I would have to say it was a happy medium. So I dug right in and began making some fried wonton stuffed with Miracle Whip, and I must say this spatula sparkled. Pounds of Miracle Whip got stuffed into this little Asian number, and the spatula never failed. I knock off one point for the simple fact, that they don't offer a Miracle Whip branded version of this spatula. Now that would be really nice. Also, not quite strong enough to be used a tactical weapon, but quite suitable as a disciplinary tool 
This product is sick! If you get a "delight" out of seeing an fish hung like a Christmas decoration in a ball that is way too small too live in your sick! Plus a nightlight? Try sleeping w/ no eyelids w/ a light over your head. Fish sleep too, but they cant close their eyes. There does not even seem to be much air space above the water. It's the same problem with those silly bowls with the plants on top. They breath oxygen and sufficate witout fresh air. Get at least a five gal. tank and don't waste your $ on this cheap fad product. Bettas are so smart, fun and sociable and desarve just as much respect as all of our fellow pets and humans 
In my case I can't even say it's noisy because the grinder didn't work at all! Manufacturing defect deprived me the chance to listen how it works 
first 5 minutes: feels like having a cold towel on your neck after 5 minutes: feels like you are wearing a warm/hot wet block on your neck 
I was looking for a kettle with a handle that I could pick up without using an oven mitt, and one that doesn't require removal of the whistle (also with oven mitt of course) before pouring. This kettle fit the bill. The handle as well as the whistle are plastic and cool to the touch. The whistle flips up with a touch of your thumb and does not require removal. I have been pleasantly surprised by the kettle beyond the two features above (which I would have thought would be standard on every kettle, but that is so not the case). It looks nice and is sturdily constructed. The whistle is a gentle reminder, not a screaming alarm. It holds a lot of water, enough for about 8 cups of tea plus a little water to rinse out/pre-heat the tea pot with. My only suggestion for improvement is for the handle. Because it's a straight bar across, it's not very ergonomic for pouring. I often find my right wrist at a strange, almost uncomfortable angle. I have solved the problem by using my left hand as well -- first I tilt the kettle with my right hand, then I use my left hand to hold the kettle while it's pouring. I think a curved handle would eliminate this problem 
This is the knife you need to slice your bread. I wondered why my old knife and new breadmaker didn't get along. This knife solved the problem. You get nice, clean, even slices of bread with this knife. For me, it is the nicest thing to happen to make even, sliced bread, a reality in my kitchen 
This is a great timer for the price, a little bulky though. It's nice to be able to set the timer for seconds, minutes or hours and also be able to count down or upwards. I'll use it as a reminder for appointments while I'm working in the office at home as well as in the kitchen. This will also be handy for soccer practice 
I was pretty happy with this toaster oven until last night when it just stopped working while I was baking some potatoes. I have no idea why it would just quit working like that. I am not happy at all with this product 
The Braun HT500 is one of the best designed toasters I have ever used. What I really like.... 1. A single long wide slot, allowing you to toast large or unusually shaped pieces of bread. I have used it to toast very thick pieces of bread, long hoagee rolls, and those huge hamberger buns that won't fit in a standard toaster slot. 2. Very clean, modern appearance. Looks great sitting on the kitchen counter, whereas many of the other toaster models today look like ugly chrome spaceships from the 1950's. Personally, I'm not into that kind of retro look. 3. An led light that is clearly visible when the toaster is "on", allowing you to quickly see the status of your toast from the other side of the room. 4. When the toast is done, it pops-up only part way. This helps keep your toast warm prior to you extracting it. You then pull the lever up a notch higher and it raises the toast up very high, making it easy to pull-out even very small pieces of bread. 5. It toasts evenly. Of course, you would expect this. But you'd be surprised how some very expensive toasters I've used in the past were often poor in this area. Of all those items, the first one is by far the most important. Strangely however, few manufacturers today make a long wide toaster any longer. Braun is one of the few that does. That fact combined with the great design is reason for me to give it a hearty recommendation 
The effectiveness of this dutch oven lies in its design which served chuck wagons a century ago and campers today! Cast Iron is ALWAYS a good value for the money and it's indestructable (I'm still using my mother's Lodge skillet that she got for a wedding gift in 1954). This dutch oven, designed specifically for the camp or fireplace cook, goes from the fire to the table with ease. It stews and bakes beautifully - get a dutch oven cookbook and learn how to make campfire biscuits as well as those stews and chilis! Also makes a fabulous wedding, shower, or housewarming gift. Forget expensive wedding registries - buy the bride a lodge dutch oven and skillet. She'll hand them down to the next generation. Every camper can use this and so can every backyard griller. Highly recommend! 
This sushi set is really nice. Unfortunately Amazon doesn't know how to ship ceramic properly. In my original order, they sent it in a medium-sized box, with air cushions only on one side. Of course several of the pieces were shattered. So I requested a replacement via the returns website. The second order was dispatched immediately and sent via next-day. That was impressive. What was not impressive was that this time it was sent in an even *smaller* box, packed so tightly that the air cushions had burst. Naturally this set was also shattered. Fortunately, I hadn't yet returned the first order, so I was able to cannibalize some good pieces from the first set to complete the second. I'm sure their returns department won't like hearing that, but as I see it I've saved them the cost of a refund. Needless to say I won't be ordering ceramic flatware from Amazon again. Once again, I like the style of the set itself, and think it's a great deal for the price. I just recommend that you buy it somewhere else. 
Got damaged in shipping ...but amazon happily replaced with a new one..Great CS amazon.Thanks Had to send back the broken one back to amazon 
ordered it in October, now it's January 8th! I give up 
Very disappointed- Feels cumbersome around the neck and blows very little ai 
Super easy to use, put in rice and water. Out comes perfect rice every time. Haven't experimented with any rice cooking recipes yet but it makes incredible white and brown rice with no though. 
This Corelle set has that handcrafted italian detailed look but without worrying about everyday wear-and-tear. It's time to retire my old butterfly pattern which I've had for decades. I rate it four stars only because it would be so much more practical to sell these in SETS OF SIX. It's more profitable for Corelle but not so practical for us. Yes the bowls are shallow and the mugs are stoneware so they are not break resistant. 
I love the way cast iron cooks. Not to mention it is so nice to spend less on something that lasts longer and is easier to clean up! I do have problems lifting things sometimes, but this is about the same amount of work as the non-stick pans that I used to have, although slightly heavier, the handles are ergonomic and the loop on the other side of the handle compensates by making a balanced lifting motion easier. 
If you like knives that hold their edge, have good balance, and feel more expensive than they really are, this knife's a smart purchase. We bought ours with the intent to get Henckels. My husband loves to cook and I have demanding standards for tools in my kitchen, especially knives. Anolon were half the price and every bit as good. As their reputation spreads, the prices seem to be going consistently up. 
These towels are very poor quality! I guess I can use them to dry off my dogs. If you really want cheap almost see through towels these are the ones for you 
All the airbake products I have used thus far have proven awful over time. After only several uses, cookies stick (even after religious greasing of the sheet) and the sheets are impossible to clean without scratching or rubbing off the surface. Now I have to place a silpat on top to save myself the headache. I'd save my money and spend it on a heavier duty, higher quality baking sheet. 
I decided to buy this Riedel Sommeliers Bordeaux Grand Cru and Burgundy glasses from Amazon due to the the price and the name. When they arrived both were damaged. I returned them and wait for the replacements. When I got it, SURPRISE SURPRISE, they were all damaged again and Amazon said that they won't replace them anymore and I needed to return them again for the refund!!! The worst experience in online shopping ever!!! Tips: Buy these beautiful Riedel Glasses somewhere else. Trust me!! 
I think it is ALMOST a great idea! It would be super if made of glass. I don't want to be concerned with material for which I use it! I would buy a couple if made of glass, otherwise not 
I have two of these Warmers and use them for much more than butter - especially around the holidays. They are heavy duty, which you don't see by the pciture, and are also great for melting chocolate, cheese, scalding milk, and much more. If you need a smaller pan for cooking project, I stongly recommend this one! 
This pan is perfect. Not too big, nor too small for a perfect soup. For the price, you can't get better. This pan replaces my Farberware 6 quart, and overall, it isn't any bigger; just holds 2 quarts more. Love it 
Had this oven for about a month now, and very satisfied. Nice brushed stainless steel finish, solid construction. Was a bit larger than I anticipated, but still fits nicely on my countertop. The controls could be a bit more elegantly designed, but overall very pleased with this oven. My favorite thing about it is how FAST it cooks and toasts 
I am really pleased with this purchase. This cookware far exceeded my expectations. It's heavyweight but not too heavy. I just love the cool touch handles. I would recommend this set very highly. If you cook alot like I do you will be more than happy with this set. 
I baked two batches of madelines side by side, one in this pan (set on a baking sheet), and another in a traditional pan with non-stick coating. I brushed both pans with canola oil before using. As per the package instructions, I allowed the madelines in the silicon pan to cool completely before removing them. The madelines in the traditional pan released easily, were golden and high, and had a pronounced design. The other batch were almost soggy (probably from cooling in the pan), flat, pale, and did not have the appearance of a madeline. To make matters worse, they did not release easily, and a few of them even broke as I attempted to remove them. I would not recommend this pan 
I have had this pan for a year. I bought it because it was on sale and was shopping around for a new pot set. I figured it would be a good test run on the Circulon brand. It grills great,but you will spend twice the cooking time cleaning the pan! I could not imagine how much food would be left on this pan if someone without great eyesight cleaned it. You have to go along each crevice on both sides of the grill gooves to get the food out. It is very time consuming and tedious and just not worth it. I wonder if the Calphalon pan is the same??? As far as the pot set I ended up buying-Analon Titanium 12 piece. Highly reccomend it 
Just as advertised! This sharpener is great! Knives that were very dull now slide right through anything being sliced! Sorry I waited so long to get this sharpener! The price held me back- but it's worth every penny 
I HAVE USED DIFFERENT BRANDS OF DUST BUSTERS BUT THIS ONE BY FAR HAS OUT DONE THEM. THE BATTERY LASTS AND THE POWER IS VERY GOOD. ALSO SHIPPING WAS PROMPT. NOTHING ELSE I CAN ADD. ALL OVER VERY GOOD. THANK YOU, I SHALL RETURN. A.F. ISLAND PAR 
Granted I have never had feather pillows before so maybe this is what is to be eppected but they have no neck support whatsoever, they make disturbing crunching noises whenever I move my head and they positively REEK like a dirty henhouse. Gross! Home on the range ain't for me. I detest these, and threw them out 
I like it's size, weight, and the fact that it is clear glass so you can see the tea. I keep it warm at my desk with the aid of a coffee cup warmer and one cup will last for several hours. The strainer works flawlessly for me 
I must begin by saying my kitchen is 100% KitchenAid in Empire Red. I adore their gadgets and utencils...and then I came across this egg slicer. A good egg slicer is hard to find, and to find one matching my set..needless to say I was excited. But the first time I tried it, the wires simply popped out. It takes very little pressure to slice a hardboiled egg, but this poor slicer couldn't take it I am very surprised, considering the high quality of the other products that I own. I am on a hunt for another red egg slicer 
Does what it is supposed to. But go to Yahoo FoodSaver Group for lots of hints on how to make it work as well as it can 
I am giving this 4 stars rather than 5 simply because I do not like the way this just pulls on and off. I've never purchased a shaker before though, but I would appreciate one the screws off and on so the top is certain to be on every time! Other than that..it's very sleek and the strainer in the top is a plus 
After reading the reviews, I decided to try these, since I wasn't too thrilled with either the cost or quality of the senseo pods. After getting my three sets in the mail, I went to my grocery store, bought the Starbucks Sumatra whole beans, ground them to expresso grind, and went to try the ecopads. I followed the instructions, put the ecopad in the machine (perfect fit), hit the 8oz button, and wa - la! I would challenge anyone to tell the difference between the stuff you pay $3.50 a cup for at Starbucks. I'm definately hooked. I can't see how other reviewers have had problems with these. They are easy to fill, and fit perfectly in the machine. They are a bit messy to clean up, but its a fair trade off for the awesome coffee and the cost savings over the pods or actually going to starbucks. I would estimate I will get 50-60 cups out of a $6 store bought bag of coffee. Basically, one heaping teaspoon fills up the ecopad perfectly. Also I would estimate getting hundreds of uses out of each ecopad - they seem very durable. I am looking forward to trying different coffee's with these. Well worth the tiny investment 
